卫宇琼在学校球场上训练（5月16日摄）。在贵州省黔东南苗族侗族自治州榕江县古州镇第二小学，14岁的侗族女孩卫宇琼有一个梦想――入选女足国家队，然后代表中国征战世界杯。卫宇琼身高162厘米，体重99斤，在校足球队担任中锋，她的体能、盘带技术及场上意识优秀，原地颠球技术十分突出。榕江县古州镇第二小学足球队教练王长杰老师做过测试：卫宇琼可以在2分钟内连续颠球193个，还可以连续颠球4000个不失误。卫宇琼跟随进城务工的父母转学来到榕江县城后，第一次近距离接触到了足球。王长杰记得，2015年5月的一天，他带着男队的同学们在操场上训练，旁边一名女同学一直在观看。训练结束后，她迟迟不愿离开，而且模仿队员进行折返跑等基本动作。连续几天下来，训练场上一直都有这个小女孩的身影。发现女孩对足球有浓厚兴趣后，王长杰记住她的名字：卫宇琼。第二年，当学校组建女足队伍时，卫宇琼第一个来报了名。刚开始时，卫宇琼并未表现出过人的足球天赋，颠球也只能颠一个。但她很刻苦，每天放学后，第一个来到操场，却是最后一个才离开。在刻苦训练2年后，卫宇琼不光颠球技术超过了绝大多数的男队员，在体能、盘带技术以及场上意识也表现出色。对于未来，卫宇琼说，不管以后是否真的能踢上职业足球，自己都会把从足球训练中学到的不屈不挠、勇于拼搏的精神发扬下去，努力闯出属于自己的一片天。
John wei trains on the school field (May 16).In rongjiang county, guizhou miao and dong autonomous county town of ancient states in the second primary school, girls of dong 14 WeiYuQiong have a dream -- to be included in the women's national team, and on behalf of the Chinese World Cup.Wei yuqiong is 162cm tall and weighs 99kg. She is the center of the school football team.Teacher wang changjie, coach of the second primary school football team in guzhou town, rongjiang county, has tested that wei yuqiong can bounce 193 balls in 2 minutes in a row, and can also bounce 4,000 balls without mistakes.Wei's first close encounter with soccer came after her parents moved to yung jiang county with their migrant workers.Wang changjie remembers one day in May 2015, when he was training with his boys' team on the playground. A female student was watching.After training, she was reluctant to leave and imitated the basic movements of the team members, such as running back and forth.The little girl has been on the training ground for several days.Finding that the girl had a strong interest in football, wang changjie remembered her name: wei yuqiong.The next year, when the school formed the women's football team, wei was the first to sign up.At first, wei didn't show any talent for soccer, and she could only bounce a ball.But she worked hard. After school, she was the first to come to the playground, but the last to leave.After two years of hard training, wei not only outdid most of the men's players in the game, but also excelled in physical fitness, dribbling and on-court awareness.For the future, WeiYuQiong said, no matter later will really play professional football, their will to learn from the football training of perseverance, the spirit of striving promote, rushes out belongs to own a piece of hard days.