The heat never lasts forever.The paper is too short to last four years.
We missed the gaokao, the money wars, the launch of xiaomi, and the 2018 World Cup.Rut will feature a series of special stories about football and cars during the next World Cup.
Today, let us open the magic box of memory, looking for a clear but vague dribble.
Zhang Pin first:
Four years ago today, I lost an identity. I'm not a man anymore.But at the same time I had an extra identity, and I became the man's husband.The most difficult thing for me to deal with is the transformation between different identities, friends, colleagues, husbands and classmatesTo be able to shift and balance between the various roles, it's like the 30-way electric adjustments that come with the Lincoln continental front seat.
Four years later, I had another identity.I became somebody's father.I don't think I can do that if I have a split.If you can't do it well, I'm not a perfectionist.I only watched the final of the World Cup four years ago because of work, and the World Cup four years later needed to pay attention to the whole process because of work.This adds another identity - fake fans.I'm on my knees
Li Rixin:
Remember four years ago in 2014, David stern resigned as 39 years NBA commissioner, by Adam took Sheldon silver, the world's largest currency trading platform Mt. Bigger close the deal, the horse boat MH370 unfortunately lost, really happened many bad things.
And I had just finished experience "decision" the fate of the university entrance exam, a person standing at the edge of the fence, to see that a school life for three years, instantly from bubbling to empty, thought no more reading and examination, this is bracing for legend, bright college years.At this moment, I waited 12 years, fought for 12 years.
But happy?In fact, it is not as exciting as imagined, but there is a kind of dead calm and loss."Oh, it's over", in order to fill the heart of regret, I traveled every corner of the school, to say goodbye to each plant flowers and plants, before trying to recall, remember every bit of memories and details.
At that moment, I really wanted to press the stop time switch, holding the current wind, cloud, sunset and air tightly in my hands, so as not to let time slip away.It's a pity that the wasted effort, the classmate's smile face gradually disappear, some people and scenery never see not arrived, the past is past, smile the parents are standing at the school gate waiting for me, ready to go to eat beef hot pot, celebrating the end of the college entrance examination.Life's only events of June 7 and 8, 2014, ended there.
The Brazilian World Cup, not a football fan I did not realize the festive atmosphere, just remember that all kinds of upset, Germany and Brazil played 7:1, finals, Germany and Argentina play until the last possible moment, policy's wonder goal, Lionel messi missed free kick, is ultimately Germany lifted the trophy.In fact, my father is an old fan, but I don't know which team he supports and which star he plays. I am ashamed to say that I was not interested in my parents' life at all.
Four years later, the 21st World Cup will be held in Russia.There was no imagined happy university, and in a twinkling it was over.I also started to accept, the person's life, nothing can not let go of people and objects, both to meet the new things, also want to say goodbye to the old things, anyway don't worry about new things, dare to take the first step, and then at the time of farewell, must be exerted all his strength.
After all, it's a life span, not many four years.
Where were you at the World Cup four years ago?What are you doing?Which car do you like?Who are you looking for in this year's World Cup?Come and tell the rut king.
We only focus on the production of original automobile content. To become more knowledgeable about cars, we can subscribe to our WeChat public number: ID: cartracks.Hundreds of thousands of fans have gathered, waiting for you!