The origin of World Cup football
The Federation international ale DE Football Association was founded on May 21, 1904, with its headquarters in Paris, France.It started with seven members: France, Belgium, Denmark, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland.
After the first world war, international football almost came to a standstill.The 1920 Olympic Games in Antwerp, Belgium, take part in football match countries proposed by the international football association international football competition held separate idea, from the international football association, and then international competition held in the plan.
However, the world Cup, was the third President of the international football association Jules Rimet (mainland translated into remy) vigorously promoted to run, he referred to as the "father" of the football world Cup, also known as "the Jules Rimet trophy" symbol champion (Jules Rimet Cup).
Remy, see football popular degree in the Olympic Games, and see the modern games have gradually be taken seriously, so must the football also arose in his mind to the enthusiasm of the world.It is football when he took over as the low water period, with only 20 members, football birthplace of the British Isles, Brazil, Uruguay and so on several football history and the strength of the country, most are quit international football association, less to these countries, football will be milking a bull to the world.
In May 1928, the international football association annual meeting, remy, personally put forward the proposal of hosting the World Cup, immediately get warm support, and Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and Uruguay, six countries put forward the application.Uruguay is a two-time Olympic gold medalist in 1924 and 1924, and in 1930 is the 100th anniversary of the country's independence, so host the Olympics, the first World Cup football match, will be held in July 1930.
As a result of the Uruguay far-flung South America, European countries suffering depression, then the will of the games they traveled to Uruguay is not high, so two months before the start of the game, sign up are European countries.French remy, had to personally lobbying to European countries, finally only four teams in the competition to Uruguay, France, Belgium, Yugoslavia, and Romania, the rest is on the South American country 8 teams, and not far from South America, the United States team a total of 13 team become the protagonist of the first World Cup football match.
The international organisation, which started with seven members, was the biggest shoo-in after years of hard work by Mr Remit, who was in office for 33 years and had 85 members by the time he left office.Thanks to the development of the media and technology, the World Cup has been more and more successful every year.There are now 204 members of the international football association, more than the ioc.A total of 193 members have signed up to qualify for the 2002 World Cup.
While the World Cup football match up to 193 members, but reviews the history of the past 16 session of World Cup champion is still limited to Europe and South American countries, won the championship of also only Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Germany, Italy, France and England that seven countries.
The World Cup was suspended for 12 years from the first session to 1942, the fourth, because of the impact of the second world war. It was not resumed until 1950.
The trophy of the World Cup, made at the first session by French sculptor LaFleur, is a solid gold trophy with a base studded with gems and arms outstretched by the goddess of victory.Because of its value, the trophy was hidden in Italy during world war ii.During the 1966 World Cup, the trophy was publicly displayed, but it was stolen by thieves. Long after it disappeared, it was finally found in a junk box.
Brazil won its third consecutive World Cup title in 1970 and is the only country to have won the permanent remy cup.But in 1983, the trophy was stolen in Brazil, this time is not come back, because according to point out that, after the solid gold trophy has been stolen by the thief to sell gold melting, Brazilian football association to copy to do only one trophy.
To win the Jules rimet trophy in Brazil, after the international football association open for new design for the Jules rimet trophy in 1974, new the Jules rimet trophy by Italian sculptor Silvio Gazazniga stand out, which is produced by 18 k gold, trophy meaning as the symbol of the rising from the ground spiral lines supporting the earth, show the winners in the moment of passion.That's what we've seen so far in the remit cup.
In addition to awarding the champion team the reit cup, the players who scored the most goals in each competition were awarded the Golden Shoe Prize, the second most silver boot award and the third bronze boot award.
Beginning in 1982, sponsored by the World Cup manufacturers, by the World Cup finals teams coach vote for the best players, issue the "Golden" (Golden Ball Prize), received the second-highest two awarded "arguably award", "" copper Ball award.
Since 1978, another Prize has been called the Fair Play Prize, which measures the overall sportsmanship and performance of teams during the World Cup finals.It used to go to a single team, but the 1998 World Cup went to France and England.
Since the beginning of the 20th century, substitute football has been playing for more than 80 years.There used to be a lot of debate about when football became an Olympic sport.In the past, the data of our country are mostly recorded as the second Olympic Games which began in 1900.But a few years ago FIFA officially announced that it would start at the first Olympic Games in 1896.Denmark and Greece were the only two teams in the Olympics, and Denmark beat Greece 9-0
Greece became the first champion in Olympic history.In the second Olympic Games held in 1900, Britain won the final by beating France 4-0.It can be seen that the dominance of world football in Europe in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
There is no denying that Canada and the United States in North America have made great progress during this period. They won the first and second place respectively in the third Olympic Games in 1904.Of course, European football also develops fast, with England, Denmark, Holland and Belgium more developed.
In the same year, the international football federation was established.Since then, football has become a popular sport in Europe and America.Before long, football clubs in some developed countries began to spring up (in fact, professional football clubs were first established in England in 1885).Football clubs in some countries are willing to pay high salaries for foreign players in order to strengthen themselves, attract more audiences and earn more money.Professional athletes came into being and set a precedent for professional athletes competing in the world series, the Olympic Games.
Professional athletes competing in the Olympic Games were challenged almost from the beginning.It is considered that the participation of professional athletes (commercialization of sports) in the Olympic Games is not in accordance with the sacred Olympic spirit.Later, many people in the international sports community disapproved of this practice and criticized it.Under pressure from international opinion, the ioc decided in 1928 not to allow professional footballers to compete in the Olympic Games.
This contradiction was resolved, and a new one ensued.Since the professional football club have in Austria, Spain, Italy, Hungary and the Czech republic and other countries made a legal status, the excellent athletes in these countries also concentrated almost to the professional clubs.Was the most important international competition is the Olympic Games, the Olympic Games and only amateur athletes were allowed to participate in, such problems arise, one is the Olympic Games is, in fact does not reflect true strength levels around the world, that caused the 1928 Olympic Games in Spain, Austria, Hungary and the Czech republic and other countries refused to attend.Second, some countries in order to get good grades and ranking by fair means or foul to professional athletes, register as a part-time amateur athletes, fraud, and tarnished the Olympic spirit, also harm the interests of other countries.Professional athletes are spherical, and represents the highest level of a country, limit them to participate in, not only their hero is useless, is a blow for them, at the same time, people also enjoy less than their virtuosity, adverse to promote the development of technology and tactics of the world of football, and also affect the box office.
As time goes on, this new contradiction becomes more and more intense. It is urgent to create a new world competition that represents the highest level of world football.At this point, the time of the French FIFA President Jules ray milt stood up, in order to promote the continued development of the football, he decided to start a allowed professional athletes to participate in world competition.At the beginning, remit's idea had caused some cynicism.However, through his unremitting efforts, he has received the approval and recognition from most member states of FIFA.
International football on a historic day has finally come, on May 18, 1929 in the FIFA conference held in Barcelona, Spain, has passed a resolution to shake the world: to set up the football World Cup, the first World Cup football match in July 1930, held in Uruguay, South America, after regulations, held once every four years.Vote of confidence is, of course, the governments are not, United Kingdom, Hungary, Italy, Austria and Czechoslovakia, its vote (and a boycott of the first World Cup).Since then, the world has been able to send its strongest squad to the world's biggest and most advanced soccer tournament.Teams from all countries, strong or weak, can be reviewed and verified from this tournament.
Remy, see football popular degree in the Olympic Games, and see the modern games have gradually be taken seriously, so must the football also arose in his mind to the enthusiasm of the world.It is football when he took over as the low water period, with only 20 members, football birthplace of the British Isles, Brazil, Uruguay and so on several football history and the strength of the country, most are quit international football association, less to these countries, football will be milking a bull to the world.
In May 1928, the international football association annual meeting, remy, personally put forward the proposal of hosting the World Cup, immediately get warm support, and Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, and Uruguay, six countries put forward the application.Uruguay is a two-time Olympic gold medalist in 1924 and 1924, and in 1930 is the 100th anniversary of the country's independence, so host the Olympics, the first World Cup football match, will be held in July 1930.
世界杯足球赛的起源
　　国际足球总会( The Federation Internationale de Football Association 简写成FIFA )成立于1904年5月21日，总部设在法国巴黎。成立之初只有7个成员，分别是法国、比利时、丹麦、荷兰、西班牙、瑞典及瑞士。
　　经过第一次世界大战，国际足球运动几乎陷于停顿。1920年在比利时安特卫普奥运会中，参加足球比赛的国家纷纷提议由国际足球总会单独举办国际性足球比赛的构想，获得国际足球总会认同，并且随即在当年公布举办国际比赛的计划。
　　不过，整个世界杯足球赛得以实现，完全是由国际足球总会第3任会长Jules Rimet(大陆翻译成雷米特)大力奔走促成的，他也因此被称为「世界杯足球赛之父」，象征冠军的奖杯也称为「雷米特杯」( Jules Rimet Cup )。
　　雷米特看到足球在奥运会中受到欢迎的程度，又看到现代奥运会已经逐渐受到重视，因此在他心中兴起一定要将足球也推向全世界的热诚。他接任时正是足球运动最低潮的时期，会员只剩20个，足球发源地英伦三岛、巴西、乌拉圭等几个足球最具历史和实力的国家，都退出国际足球总会，少了这些国家，足球要推向全世界无异缘木求鱼。
　　1928年5月，国际足球总会年度大会，雷米特亲自提出举办世界杯足球赛的提案，立刻获得热烈支持，并且有匈牙利、意大利、荷兰、西班牙、瑞典和乌拉圭等6个国家提出举办的申请。乌拉圭是1924年和1928年两届奥运会金牌得主，且在1930年正是该国独立100周年，因此获得主办权，第一届世界杯足球赛，就定在1930年的7月举行。
　　由于乌拉圭位处偏远的南美洲，那时欧洲国家正逢景气萧条，对于远渡重洋到乌拉圭比赛的意愿不高，因此在比赛开赛前两个月，都还没有欧洲国家报名。法国籍的雷米特只得亲自向欧洲国家游说，最后还是只有4队前往乌拉圭参加比赛，分别是法国、比利时、南斯拉夫和罗马尼亚，其余都是南美洲国家8队，以及离南美不远的美国队，总共13队成为第一届世界杯足球赛的主角。
　　这个成立之初只有7个会员的国际组织，经过多年的努力，在位33年的雷米特是最大的推手，他卸任时会员已经有85个。受到传播媒体及科技的发达所赐，世界杯足球赛一届比一届成功盛大，到现在已经成为与奥运会相当的国际最大赛事。国际足球总会的会员，现在已经有204个，比国际奥委会还多。报名参加2002年世界杯资格赛的共有193个会员，晋级32强决赛的队伍更是成为国际媒体的宠儿。
　　虽然参加世界杯足球赛的会员多达193个，但是回顾过去16届世界杯的历史，夺冠的仍仅限于欧洲和南美国家，得过冠军的也只有巴西、阿根廷、乌拉圭、德国、意大利、法国和英格兰这7个国家。
　　世界杯足球赛从第一届开始，到原本预赛第4届的1942年，因为受到第二次世界大战影响，中止了12年，一直到1950年才又恢复举行。
　　世界杯足球赛的奖杯，在第一届举行时，由法国的雕塑家LaFleur制作了一座底座镶着宝石，上面一具胜利女神伸展双臂的纯金奖杯。由于价值不凡，在第二次世界大战期间，曾经将奖杯藏在意大利。1966年世界杯期间，公开展示这座奖杯，结果却被窃贼所偷，失踪许久之后，终于在一处垃圾箱内找到被丢弃的奖杯。
　　巴西队在1970年赢得世界杯三连霸，获得永久保存「雷米特杯」，也是目前唯一获得这项殊荣的国家。但是1983年时，巴西的这座奖杯被偷走了，这次再也找不回来，因为据指出，纯金的奖杯已经被窃贼偷走之后把金子融化卖掉，巴西足球协会只得以复制品再做一个奖杯保存。
　　巴西获得雷米特杯之后，国际足球总会在1974年公开征求新的雷米特杯设计图案，新的雷米特杯由意大利雕刻家Silvio Gazazniga脱颖而出，由18K金制作而成，奖杯含义为象征从地面上升的螺旋线型支撑着地球，表现出胜利者在胜利时刻的激情。这也就是目前我们所看到的雷米特杯。
　　除了颁发冠军球队雷米特杯之外，每届比赛进球数最多的球员，颁给「金靴奖」( Golden Shoe Prize )，第2多的「银靴奖」，第3的「铜靴奖」。
　　1982年开始，由世界杯赞助厂商提供的，经由参加世界杯决赛各队总教练投票选出最优秀球员，颁发「金球奖」( Golden Ball Prize )，得票数次高的两位颁给「银球奖」、「铜球奖」。
　　1978年开始，则有另一个奖称为「公平竞争奖」( Fair Play Prize )，评价各队在世界杯决赛期间的整体运动风度和表现。过去都只颁给单一队伍，但是1998年世界杯颁给法国和英格兰两队。
　　代足球运动在世界各国开展起来，始于20世纪初，至今已有80多年的历史了。至于足球什么时候成为奥运会项目，过去众说纷纭。以往，我国的资料多记载为始于1900年的第二届奥运会。可国际足联在前几年曾正式宣布，应从1896年第一届奥运会时算起。该届奥运会只有丹麦和希腊两队参加，结果丹麦队以9：0的大比分战胜了希
　　腊队，成为奥运会历史上的第一个冠军。在1900年举行的第二届奥运会中，英国在决赛中以4：0战胜法国队夺魁。可见，19世纪末、20世纪初世界足球运动的优势在欧洲。
　　不可否认，在此期间，北美洲的加拿大和美国有长足的进步，异军突起，他们于1904年举行的第三届奥运会足球比赛中分别获得了冠亚军。当然，欧洲足球发展也较快，以英国、丹麦、荷兰、比利时较为发达。
　　同年，成立了国际足球联合会。自此，足球成了风靡欧美的群众性运动。不久，一些足球运动发达国家的足球俱乐部如雨后春笋，陆续成立（其实在1885年英国就首创了职业足球俱乐部）。一些国家的足球俱乐部为了增强自己的实力，招揽更多的观众，赚更多的钱，不惜用高薪购买外籍球员。职业运动员便由此应运而生，也由此开创了职业运动员参加世界大赛--奥运会的先例。
　　职业运动员参加奥运会，几乎在一开始就有人提出异议。认为职业运动员（体育商业化）参加奥运会与神圣的奥林匹克精神不符。后来，许多国际体育界人士都不赞成这种做法，并纷纷加以抨击和谴责。迫于国际舆论的压力，国际奥委会遂于1928年开始做出决定，不再允许职业足球运动员参加奥运会的比赛。
　　这个矛盾解决了，新的矛盾又接踵而来。由于职业足球俱乐部相继在奥地利、西班牙、意大利、匈牙利和捷克斯洛伐克等国取得了合法地位，这些国家的优秀运动员差不多也集中到职业俱乐部去了。当时国际上最重大的比赛就是奥运会足球赛，而奥运会的比赛又只允许业余运动员参加，这样问题就出现了，一是这样的奥运会比赛实际上反映不出世界各国的真实实力水平，以至引起1928年的奥运会西班牙、奥地利、匈牙利和捷克斯洛伐克等国的拒绝参加。二是有些国家为了取得好的成绩和名次不择手段地将职业运动员当作业余业余运动员报名参加比赛，弄虚作假成风，这又玷污了奥林匹克精神，也损害了其他国家的利益。职业运动员都是各国的球形，代表着一个国家的最高水平，限制他们参加，不仅他们英雄无用武之地，对他们来说是一种打击，同时人们也欣赏不到他们的精湛技艺，对推动世界足球运动的技战术发展不利，另外也影响票房收入。
　　这个新的矛盾随着时间的推移日趋激化，创办一个新的代表世界足球运动最高水平的世界大赛迫在眉睫。此时，当时的国际足联主席法国人朱尔・雷米特挺身而出，为了推动足球运动的继续发展，他决定创办一个允许职业运动员参加的世界大赛。当初，雷米特的设想曾经引起了一些人的冷嘲热讽。但是，通过他的不懈努力，还是得到了国际足联多数会员国的赞同和认可。
　　国际足球史上一个具有历史意义的日子终于来到了，1929年5月18日， 在西班牙巴塞罗那举行的国际足联会议上，通过了震撼世界的决定：设立世界杯足球赛，第一届世界杯足球赛于1930年7月在南美洲的乌拉圭举行，以后规定每隔4年举行一次。当然，与会各国并不都是投的赞成票，英国、匈牙利、意大利、奥地利、捷克斯洛伐克等国投了反对票（并且抵制了首届世界杯足球赛）。从此，世界各国可以派出自己的最强阵容，参加名副其实的规模最大的最高水平的世界足球大赛了。各国的球队孰强孰弱，都可以从这个大赛中得到检阅和验证。
　　雷米特看到足球在奥运会中受到欢迎的程度，又看到现代奥运会已经逐渐受到重视，因此在他心中兴起一定要将足球也推向全世界的热诚。他接任时正是足球运动最低潮的时期，会员只剩20个，足球发源地英伦三岛、巴西、乌拉圭等几个足球最具历史和实力的国家，都退出国际足球总会，少了这些国家，足球要推向全世界无异缘木求鱼。
　　1928年5月，国际足球总会年度大会，雷米特亲自提出举办世界杯足球赛的提案，立刻获得热烈支持，并且有匈牙利、意大利、荷兰、西班牙、瑞典和乌拉圭等6个国家提出举办的申请。乌拉圭是1924年和1928年两届奥运会金牌得主，且在1930年正是该国独立100周年，因此获得主办权，第一届世界杯足球赛，就定在1930年的7月举行。