Russia's footsteps getting closer and closer to the World Cup in 2018, hosted the World Cup is not only football, there are fans memories of my youth, the tears of joy, the sorrow, the cup glory, lonely figure in the corner of the field, even the "black crow" metaphysics and octopus, constitute the one of the greatest games in the world.Please get the wine ready. There is no shortage of stories in this event.
I'm not a liar. For me after 1970, the most unforgettable thing is the Italian summer of 1990.At that time I was in junior high school, or a child meng does not open, many of the World Cup are blurred, and the beauty of Italy, wearing a gauze into the ground, small make up eyes straight, how, how did that happen?The competition of 1990 has forgotten, and those curvaceous beauty, hot summer forever imprint in the heart.
Some may just be born for the World Cup
As a football player, he spent a lifetime's aim is to the World Cup, some players fate was born to the World Cup, and some great player, from the World Cup is a little distance, it was so near.It has to be said that the Italian team led by lippi in 2006.At the time, CCTV broadcast a roar from huang jianxiang, who was known as Italy's greatest left-back, grosso, who was sent home to Australia after winning a penalty on his side.In the semi-final against Germany, grosso won the first game to win the game.An ordinary player, as if he had accumulated a lifetime of power, would bloom for a moment in the World Cup.
Similarly, in the final of the 2014 World Cup, Argentina and Germany failed to break each other's goal in normal time and entered the extra time.Little-known German starlet ce personally killed messi his dream, overtime in the 113th minute, second-best left the ball breakthrough, draw three fire after pass the door, meet's policy chest to stop the ball, and fall on the ground before the left foot and the ball into the net.Policy because this is a golden goal, become a hero to Germany, but after the World Cup, he again to insipid, let a person can not help but sigh, lattice strategy is selected for the World Cup players, god in the World Cup stage like fireworks bloomed, instantly extinguished.
2018年俄罗斯的世界杯脚步越来越近了，世界杯承载的不光是足球，还有致球迷青春的记忆，那喜极而泣、那痛不欲生、那奖杯下的辉煌、那球场一角落寞的身影，甚至连“黑乌鸦”和章鱼的玄学，构成了这个世界上最伟大的赛事。请准备好酒，这个赛事从来就不缺少故事。
我不是爱撒谎的人，对于七零后的我来说，记忆最深的就是1990年的意大利之夏。那时候我还上初中，还是童懵未开，世界杯的很多场景都变得模糊，而那些意大利的美女，身穿薄纱步入场地之时，小编的眼睛变直了，怎么会这样，怎么会这样呢？1990年的比赛已经淡忘，而那些婀娜美女，火辣的夏天永远印在了心里。
有些人或许就是为世界杯而生

作为一个足球运动员，他穷极一生的目标就是世界杯冠军，有些球员命中注定就是为世界杯而生，而有些伟大的球员，距离世界杯就那么一点点距离，却变成咫尺天涯。这又不得不说2006年那支里皮带领的意大利队。当时央视解说黄健翔的一声怒吼，大家都认识了意大利最伟大的左后卫格罗索，正是他的边路突破赢得点球，把澳大利亚送回了老家。在对阵德国的半决赛中，格罗索一战封神，为赢得比赛居功至伟。一个平淡无奇的球员，好像积聚了一生的力量，就为在世界杯的顷刻绽放。
无独有偶，2014年世界杯决赛，阿根廷对阵德国，双方在常规时间内都未能攻破对方的球门，比赛进入加时赛。名不见经传的德国新星格策亲手扼杀了梅西的球王梦，加时赛到了第113分钟，许尔勒左边路趟球突破，吸引三人火力之后挑传门前，接应的格策胸部停球，倒地之前左脚把球扫进球门。格策因为这个一粒金子般的入球，成为德国的英雄，不过世界杯之后，他又归于平淡，让人不禁感叹，格策也是上天选中为世界杯而生的球员，在世界杯舞台像烟花一样绽放，瞬间熄灭。
