
Mr Ma received an invitation to volunteer for the World Cup in Russia.
"I almost missed the World Cup!30, in sichuan international studies university, Ma Zhen Hua upstream, chongqing morning news reporters repeatedly exclamation - last year, notice she go to the confederations cup interview notice should be the system default as spam, fortunately, she finally found me out.Thanks to her outstanding performance in the confederations cup, she received an invitation from FIFA to volunteer for the World Cup in Russia.Mr Ma will leave for Moscow next Monday.
I wanted to volunteer for the World Cup when I was a freshman
Since junior middle school, ma zhenhua has been very interested in football. After entering university, he joined the Russian women's football team and later became the captain of the team.
"Enter sichuan department of Russian began, I heard that Russia will host the 2018 World Cup, because likes playing football, and learned the language, has been recruiting volunteers information search on the Internet World Cup."Ma zhenhua told reporters.Because of excellent results, Ma Zhen Hua as exchange students in September of 2016, to Moscow Russia's national institute for the Russian pushkin study, such an opportunity, also let her dream from their volunteers is almost close at hand.
Online through the volunteer recruitment written after the confederations cup, watching the side of the students in the interview at the end of December 2016, Ma Zhen Hua also some worry, "the end of March 2017, volunteers will be the end of the interview, when I opened the usual wouldn't look at email dustbin, finally saw the interview, it was sent two days ago."
The interview could have been done online, but Ms. Ma went straight to st. Petersburg for a real "interview" with the interviewer."It may be of my sincerity, there is language advantage, I finally succeeded in," Ma Zhen Hua smiled and said, "in choosing a job, but also a little want to watch the game little self, I choose to be a spectator of the pitch st Petersburg volunteers."
Thanks to his outstanding performance in the confederations cup, Mr Ma received an invitation from FIFA in April to continue volunteering at the st Petersburg stadium during the World Cup.Her dream of a World Cup has come true.
