马真骅收到的俄罗斯世界杯志愿者邀请函。

“我跟世界杯的缘分差点就错过了！”30日，在四川外国语大学，马真骅对上游新闻・重庆晨报记者连连感叹――去年，通知她去联合会杯面试的通知竟然被系统默认为垃圾邮件，幸好被她最终发现。而正是凭借在联合会杯上的优异表现，她又收到国际足联的邀请函，成为俄罗斯世界杯的志愿者。下周一，马真骅将启程前往莫斯科。

大一就想去做世界杯志愿者

从初中开始，马真骅就对足球非常感兴趣，进入大学后还加入了俄语系的女子足球队，后来还当上了队长。

“考上川外俄语系开始，我就听说俄罗斯要举办2018年世界杯，因为喜欢踢球，又学了这门语言，就一直在网上搜索世界杯招募志愿者的信息。”马真骅告诉记者。因为成绩优异，马真骅2016年9月以交换生的身份，前往莫斯科的俄罗斯国立普希金俄语学院学习，这样的机会，也让她离自己的志愿者梦想几乎是近在咫尺。
在网上通过了联合会杯的志愿者招募笔试之后，眼看着身边的同学都在2016年12月底参加了面试，马真骅也有些着急，“2017年3月底，志愿者的面试就要结束了，我鬼使神差地打开了平时看都不会去看的电邮垃圾箱，终于看到了那封面试通知，它是两天前寄来的。”

本来可以通过网络参加面试，但马真骅直奔圣彼得堡，与面试官来了一场真正的“面试”。“可能是我的诚意，还有语言优势吧，我最终成功入选，”马真骅笑着说，“在选择岗位的时候，也是有点想看比赛的小私心吧，我选择成为圣彼得堡球场的一名观众服务志愿者。”

因为在联合会杯上的出色表现，今年4月，马真骅又收到了国际足联的邀请函，将在世界杯期间继续在圣彼得堡球场担任志愿者。她的世界杯梦想，终于实现了。
Mr Ma received an invitation to volunteer for the World Cup in Russia.
"I almost missed the World Cup!30, in sichuan international studies university, Ma Zhen Hua upstream, chongqing morning news reporters repeatedly exclamation - last year, notice she go to the confederations cup interview notice should be the system default as spam, fortunately, she finally found me out.Thanks to her outstanding performance in the confederations cup, she received an invitation from FIFA to volunteer for the World Cup in Russia.Mr Ma will leave for Moscow next Monday.
I wanted to volunteer for the World Cup when I was a freshman
Since junior middle school, ma zhenhua has been very interested in football. After entering university, he joined the Russian women's football team and later became the captain of the team.
"Enter sichuan department of Russian began, I heard that Russia will host the 2018 World Cup, because likes playing football, and learned the language, has been recruiting volunteers information search on the Internet World Cup."Ma zhenhua told reporters.Because of excellent results, Ma Zhen Hua as exchange students in September of 2016, to Moscow Russia's national institute for the Russian pushkin study, such an opportunity, also let her dream from their volunteers is almost close at hand.
Online through the volunteer recruitment written after the confederations cup, watching the side of the students in the interview at the end of December 2016, Ma Zhen Hua also some worry, "the end of March 2017, volunteers will be the end of the interview, when I opened the usual wouldn't look at email dustbin, finally saw the interview, it was sent two days ago."
The interview could have been done online, but Ms. Ma went straight to st. Petersburg for a real "interview" with the interviewer."It may be of my sincerity, there is language advantage, I finally succeeded in," Ma Zhen Hua smiled and said, "in choosing a job, but also a little want to watch the game little self, I choose to be a spectator of the pitch st Petersburg volunteers."
Thanks to his outstanding performance in the confederations cup, Mr Ma received an invitation from FIFA in April to continue volunteering at the st Petersburg stadium during the World Cup.Her dream of a World Cup has come true.