“我们的守门员将球踢给了中卫，然后中卫又将球转移到右边锋利贝拉特的脚下，接着他就在边路一路突击,随后将球传中到禁区里，剩下的就是我凌空抽射入网”，关于那段往事，卢西安-劳伦特对《独立报》的记者娓娓道来。

尽管第一段的每个字都认识，但问题还是来了，谁是卢西安-劳伦特？他描述的这段场景是哪一场比赛？哪一个进球？
为了寻找答案，我们必须得将时钟拨回到1930年7月13日的乌拉圭首都蒙得维的亚。当天，大约有1000名观众在普赛托斯球场观看了法国和墨西哥的比赛。劳伦特叙述的那粒进球正是出现在这场比赛中。彼时，7月的乌拉圭正值冬季，比赛在雪中进行，上半场第19分钟，当时年仅23岁的法国人就这样打入了世界杯历史上的首粒进球。

若干年后，劳伦特向媒体坦露了心声，“老实说，我压根就没有想过那个进球会具有如此非凡的意义，我们甚至不知道世界杯以后还会继续举行。当我们回到法国后，报纸上只有很一小块关于那粒进球的报道。足球在当时还处于摇篮时期。”
这粒在劳伦特看来微不足道的进球彻底推动了世界杯前进的巨轮，法国队在那场揭幕战中最终4比2战胜了墨西哥。可惜，高卢雄鸡没有在那届世界杯上延续好的开局，他们在随后的比赛中相继负于阿根廷和智利，早早地就在小组赛后打道回府。

为了这三场比赛，劳伦特和他的队友们可是足足坐了两个星期的轮船，才抵达南美洲。而在这艘驶向世界杯舞台的轮船上，除了法国的球员们，还有当时应邀参赛的比利时和罗马尼亚的队员们。在不不少人看来，在海上漫长的两周肯定充满着种种艰辛，但天性乐观的劳伦特却说这其实更像是一次度假，“每天早晨我们都要在甲板上训练。而其它时间我就基本上在看电影或者游泳，所以这更像是一次外出旅游。”

带着度假心情完成世界杯之旅的劳伦特或许怎么也想不到，自己会成为载入足球历史的伟大人物。出生于1907年的劳伦特，在1920-1930年期间和哥哥让-劳伦特一起效力于当时的半职业球队CA巴黎队。作为一名身高仅有1.62米的前锋，劳伦特用自己的速度和灵敏引起了当时法国首家职业足球俱乐部标致索肖的注意，当时正在标致汽车厂工作的劳伦特就在1930年世界杯前夕，加盟了刚成立两年的这支随后被球迷熟知的索肖队。
同年，仅仅只为法国队出战过一次的劳伦特就和哥哥一起被选入了开往乌拉圭的轮船。和其他大部分球员一样，劳伦特是在得到老东家标致汽车的同意下才参加的世界杯，而这期间他将没有薪水，法国足协也只能给予微薄的补助而已。在打进世界杯历史首球后，劳伦特就因伤缺席了随后的两场比赛，而他的哥哥则是完全没有在乌拉圭有过出场亮相。

从乌拉圭回到法国后，劳伦特又相继在雷恩、斯特拉斯堡等球队效力。直到1939年，第二次世界大战的爆发，劳伦特被应招入伍保卫祖国。在战争期间，他被德军俘虏，在战俘营中他曾被德国人百般折磨，但劳伦特仍不肯屈服，在被摧残了三年后，劳伦特在1943年因病被释放。

当二战结束后，劳伦特在一支叫做贝桑松的球队结束了自己的球员生涯。挂鞋后的劳伦特没有就此远离球场，他曾在贝桑松的青年队担任过一段时间的教练。
而在结束自己的教练生涯后，劳伦特在决定贝桑松定居并在当地开了一家酒吧。在经营酒吧的日子里，劳伦特仍然不忘足球，直到86岁，他依然每周和朋友们去踢上一场比赛。当老人彻底不能踢球后，他还是会每周跑到球场边，向比赛的队员们发出助威声。

法国人没有忘记这位创造历史的老人。1998年世界杯在巴黎拉开帷幕时，已经91岁的劳伦特是1930年那届国家队中唯一一个亲眼看到法国队在本土夺冠的人。当他受邀出席最后法国与巴西的决赛，并见证了法国的首个世界杯冠军后，老人感激地说道，“那些年所有开心的回忆都回来了，没有人能从我这里偷走他们。”

那些属于劳伦特开心的记忆最终定格在2005年4月11日，老人享年97岁。
"Our goalkeeper to give the ball to the centre, centre back then the ball will be moved to the right Bella's sharp feet, then he is in the side all the way assault, then the ball crosses into the box, the rest is my volley into the net", a story about, lucien - Laurent told the independent.
Although every word in the first paragraph is known, the question remains, who is lucian-laurent?Which game is he describing?Which goal?
To find out, we had to set the clock back to Montevideo, Uruguay's capital, on July 13, 1930.About 1,000 people attended the match between France and Mexico at the stadium.It was in this game that Laurent described the goal.The 23-year-old Frenchman scored his first goal in World Cup history in the 19th minute of the first half of the match in the snow during the winter of Uruguay in July.
Years later, Laurent revealing have spoken to the media, "to be honest, I don't think about the goals will have such a special meaning, we don't even know will continue after the World Cup.When we returned to France, there was only a very small newspaper story about the goal.Football was still in its infancy.
The goal, which Laurent regarded as a minor one, propelled the World Cup round to a 4-2 victory over Mexico in the opening match.Unfortunately, the Gaul henchmen didn't get off to a good start at the World Cup, losing to Argentina and Chile in subsequent games and returning home early after the group game.
It took Laurent and his teammates two weeks on a ship to reach South America for the three games.On board the ship heading for the World Cup, the French players were joined by Belgium and Romania.In many people's opinion, a long two weeks in the sea must be filled with all sorts of hardships, but the optimists, Laurent, says it is more like a vacation, "every morning we training on the deck.The rest of the time I'm basically watching movies or swimming, so it's more like a trip.
Laurent, who completed his World Cup trip on holiday, might never have expected to be a great figure in football history.Laurent, born in 1907, played for the then semi-pro CA Paris team from 1920 to 1930 with his brother jean-laurent.As a striker is only 1.62 meters in height, lauren with his speed and sensitive Peugeot France was the first professional soccer clubs sochaux's attention, at the time of Laurent Peugeot car factory is on the eve of the 1930 World Cup, joined the newly formed two years this is then fans known as sochaux team.
In the same year, Laurent, who played only once for France, and his brother, were selected to sail to Uruguay.Like most of the other players, Laurent is in has the consent of the old club Peugeot cars to attend World Cup, during which he will be no salary, the French football federation can only give a small subsidy.Laurent missed the next two games with injuries after scoring his first goal in World Cup history, while his brother has never made an appearance in Uruguay.
After returning to France from Uruguay, Laurent played for the likes of rennes and Strasbourg.It wasn't until 1939, when world war ii broke out, that Laurent was enlisted to defend his country.He was captured by the germans during the war and tortured by the germans in a pow camp, but Laurent refused to give in. After three years of torture, Laurent was released in 1943 due to illness.
When world war ii ended, Laurent ended his career with a team called besancon.Laurent, who spent time coaching besancon's youth team, did not leave the pitch after hanging up his shoes.
At the end of his coaching career, Laurent decided to settle down with besancon and open a local bar.During his time running the bar, Laurent still remembered football and, at the age of 86, played one game a week with his friends.When the old man could not play at all, he would still run to the edge of the field every week to give a cheer to the players.
The French have not forgotten the man who made history.Laurent, 91, was the only member of the 1930 national team to see France win the 1998 World Cup in Paris.When he was invited to attend the last final France and Brazil, and witnessed the first World Cup in France, after the old man gratefully said, "all the happy memories of those years back, no one can steal them from me."
Those memories of laurentian's happy life ended on April 11, 2005, at the age of 97.