传奇门将安东尼奥-拉马莱茨从1946年至1961年为巴萨效力，他不仅在球场上具有惊人的敏捷性，而且还是一个长相英俊的小伙子。1950年，拉马莱茨代表西班牙队参加了巴西世界杯，他出战了4场比赛，其中3场比赛在著名的马拉卡纳球场举行，因此拉马莱茨被赋予一个绰号――马拉卡纳的猫。

原本拉马莱茨是西班牙队的第三门将，第一轮小组赛他没有出场。第二场小组赛，拉马莱茨出人意料地首发参赛。6月29日，马拉卡纳球场，西班牙2-0战胜智利，拉马莱茨零封了对手。第三场小组赛，拉马莱茨再次出战，西班牙1-0英格兰。加上拉马莱茨缺战的首轮小组赛（西班牙3-1美国），西班牙三战全胜，晋级决赛阶段循环赛。与英格兰一战，直播这场比赛的电台主持人，喊出了“拉马莱茨真像一只猫”这句话。

这届的赛制与后来的世界杯差别很大，第一阶段小组赛的四个第一名踢决赛阶段循环赛，依据积分顺序决定冠军。第一轮比赛西班牙2-2乌拉圭，这是拉马莱茨第三场世界杯比赛。第二轮比赛西班牙1-6不敌东道主巴西，这是拉马莱茨第四场、也是最后一场世界杯比赛。

世界杯结束，回到巴塞罗那之后，拉马莱茨又继续为巴萨效力了十年，很多人说他是巴萨历史上最好的门将。拉马莱茨身穿1号球衣，他共代表巴萨出战了473场比赛。1951/52赛季，拉马莱茨帮助巴萨夺得了5座冠军奖杯。拉马莱茨一共5次获得萨莫拉奖（西甲最佳门将），这一纪录至今未被打破。前巴萨门将巴尔德斯曾追平这一纪录。
Legendary goalkeeper Antonio ramaletz, who played for Barcelona from 1946 to 1961, is not only amazingly nimble on the pitch but also a good-looking young man.In 1950, its role, on behalf of Spain took part in the Brazilian World Cup, he played four games, three games in the famous maracana stadium, so pull role, was given a nickname - the maracana cat.
Ramalic, who was originally Spain's third goalkeeper, did not play in the first round.In the second group game, ramalic started unexpectedly.On June 29, Spain defeated Chile 2-0 at the maracana stadium.In the third group game, ramalecki ramalecz played again, with Spain 1-0 to England.Add to that ramalecz's lack of first-round matches (Spain 3-1 USA), and Spain won three games to qualify for the round robin.The radio host, who broadcast the match against England, called out the words "ramalec is really like a cat".
This tournament is very different from the World Cup in the future. The four first place winners of the first group stage play the round robin in the final round and decide the champion according to the order of points.In the first round, Spain played 2-2 Uruguay, the third World Cup match for ramalecz.Spain lost 6-1 to host Brazil in the second round of the tournament, the fourth and final game of the tournament for ramalecz.
After the World Cup ended and he returned to Barcelona, ramaletz continued to play for the club for another decade, with many saying he was the best goalkeeper in the club's history.Wearing a number 1 shirt, ramalic has played 473 games for Barcelona.In the 1951/52 season, ramalic helped Barcelona win five trophies.Ramalecki ramalecz has won the samora award five times, a record that has yet to be broken.Former Barcelona goalkeeper valdes has equalised the record.