一名自称国际足联官员的人宣布禁止库巴拉代表西班牙队踢1954年世界杯预选赛关键一战，但国际足联否认他们曾派遣官员做过这事。
1950年世界杯开幕前几周，西班牙国家队与匈牙利人队踢了一场热身赛。这支匈牙利人队不是匈牙利国家队，而是一支由流亡的东欧球员组成的球队，队内有众多优秀球员，最大牌的人物是后来成为巴萨传奇球星的库巴拉。

1946年，库巴拉首次代表匈牙利国家队参赛，5-0大胜奥地利队。二战后的匈牙利百废待兴，男丁缺乏，每一名成年男子都必须依法服兵役。但是库巴拉不愿从军，他离开了祖国，于1948年加盟了都灵，踢了好几场友谊赛。匈牙利足协把库巴拉告上了国际足联，理由是他擅自脱离原来的俱乐部并且自行加入新俱乐部，于是国际足联对库巴拉处以长期禁赛。这就是库巴拉召集一批流亡球员组建“匈牙利人队”的原因。

西班牙国家队与匈牙利人队的那场热身赛，库巴拉的表现给巴萨技术总监萨米蒂尔留下深刻印象，赛后24小时巴萨就与库巴拉完成了签约。在此之前，皇马也曾接触库巴拉。库巴拉提出一个要求，希望一并聘请陶齐克担任教练，但皇马没有答应。巴萨帮助库巴拉加入了西班牙国籍，国际足联随即也解除了对他的禁赛令，允许他加盟巴萨。

从1950年开始，库巴拉帮助巴萨取得了一系列辉煌的战绩，他入选了西班牙国家队。然而，在1954年，发生了一次史无前例的丑闻。在世界杯预选赛中，西班牙对阵土耳其，两回合比赛双方各胜一场，西班牙总比分占优。但是国际足联宣布，西班牙队的首回合胜利被取消，双方不得不踢第三场的比赛，这是一次单场决定出线权的“决赛”。

就在第三场比赛开始前一小时，一名自称国际足联代表的人来到了西班牙队更衣室，他宣布了一项决定，如果库巴拉出现在第三场比赛中，那么西班牙队的参赛资格将被取消。这个突发情况非常离奇，因为三天前举行的第二回合西班牙客场对阵土耳其的比赛，库巴拉参赛了。

西班牙队决定不让库巴拉参加第三场比赛，最终西班牙2-2战平土耳其，双方抽签决定出线权。根据赛前商定的规则，写着两队名字的纸条被放进一个帽子里，一个小男孩被安排抽签，他抽出了土耳其的纸条，土耳其获得了参加世界杯的资格。

之所以说这次事件是丑闻，是因为后来发生的事情，让整个剧情发生了惊天反转。不久后，国际足联否认他们曾经派遣官员去宣布禁止库巴拉踢对阵土耳其的第三场比赛。国际足联解释说，不可能派任何一名官员进入球队更衣室。此事导致西班牙足协主席辞职，随后西班牙队主教练和西班牙驻国际足联代表也相继辞职。

虽然无缘世界杯，但库巴拉在巴萨做了十年的偶像。1961年，库巴拉退役，他代表巴萨参加了329场比赛，打进256球。同年11月，库巴拉出任巴萨主教练。1969年库巴拉开始担任西班牙国家队主教练，直到1980年，他是西班牙国家队史上执教时间最长的主教练。1980年至1981年，库巴拉再次担任巴萨主教练。1992年库巴拉担任西班牙国奥队教练，率队夺得巴塞罗那奥运会男足金牌，这是西班牙国家队历史上的第一个世界级大赛冠军。
A self-proclaimed FIFA official has banned Mr. Kubla from playing a key game in the 1954 World Cup qualifiers for Spain, but FIFA has denied it sent officials to do so.
A few weeks before the 1950 World Cup, Spain played a warm-up match against Hungary.The Hungarian team is not the Hungarian national team, but team consisting of exile eastern European players, the team has many good players, later became a Barcelona legend is the biggest person in the library of.
In 1946, kubla first played for Hungary's national team, beating Austria 5-0.After the second world war, Hungary was in a state of disuse. There was a shortage of men.But kubala, reluctant to join the army, left his homeland and joined Turin in 1948, playing several friendly matches.The Hungarian football association has taken kubala to FIFA for a lengthy ban after he left the club and joined the new club.That's why kubala called in a group of exiled players to form the Hungarian team.
The warm-up match, Spain and Hungary ers library barak's performance impress sami teal chief technology officer at Barcelona, 24 hours after the game finished signing Barcelona with library barak.Before that, real had approached kubla.Kubala has made a request to include tauzic as coach, but real have not agreed.Barcelona helped kubala become a Spanish national, and FIFA immediately lifted his ban and allowed him to join the club.
Since 1950, kubala has helped Barcelona achieve a series of brilliant results, and he was selected for the Spanish national team.In 1954, however, there was an unprecedented scandal.In the World Cup qualifiers, Spain against Turkey, two rounds of competition each win, Spain overall lead.But FIFA has announced that Spain's first round victory has been called off and the two sides will have to play a third match, in a single final that will determine their right to play.
Just an hour before the start of the third game, a self-proclaimed FIFA representatives came to Spain to the dressing room, he announced a decision, if the library had appeared in the third game, then Spain qualification will be canceled.The incident was bizarre because kubala played in the second leg of Spain's trip to Turkey three days ago.
Spain decided not to let khumbala play in game 3, drawing a draw for a 2-2 draw with Turkey.According to before the agreed rules, write a note with the name of the two teams was placed in a hat, a little boy was arranged to draw, he pulled out a note, Turkey, Turkey won the World Cup qualification.
The reason this was a scandal was because what happened later turned the whole story upside down.Shortly afterwards, FIFA denied it had sent officials to announce a ban on khumbala playing a third match against Turkey.FIFA explained that it was impossible to send any official into the dressing room.This led to the resignation of the President of the Spanish football association, followed by the resignation of the Spanish coach and Spain's FIFA representative.
Despite failing to qualify for the World Cup, kubla has been an icon at Barcelona for a decade.Kubala retired in 1961 and scored 256 goals in 329 games for Barcelona.In November of the same year, kubla became the head coach of barca.Kubala started as head coach of the Spanish national team in 1969, until 1980, when he was the longest coach in the history of the Spanish national team.From 1980 to 1981, kubla was again the head coach of barca.In 1992, as coach of the Spanish national Olympic team, cubala led the team to win the men's Olympic gold medal in Barcelona, which was the first world champion in the history of the Spanish national team.