The origins of the World Cup date back to the Olympic Games of the early 20th century, especially the Olympic Games held by Antwerp in 1920.In the Olympic Games, South America, Asia and Africa 14 countries took part in the Olympic football project 17 countries took part in the Amsterdam games in 1928, but until now still not forming the birth of the World Cup.
It was not until May 26, 1920, that FIFA decided to play football alone and the World Cup was born.In 1926, the President of the FIFA general assembly, jose ramet, approved the proposal to hold the first FIFA World Cup, which is open to all the national teams of the FIFA member football association.
They select annual race in the middle of the Olympic Games, and decided to held once every four years, the World Cup held in France after the third (1938) competition, because of the second world war broke out, the World Cup match interrupted for 12 years.As soon as the war ended, Brazil hosted its fourth World Cup in 1950.By 2014, there had been 20 world cups.
Expand your knowledge: the origins of the FIFA World Cup trophy
The FIFA World Cup has had two World Cup trophies in its history, the first of which went through many twists and turns.
When FIFA decided to host the first World Cup in 1930, French sculptor phil laffeur made the gold trophy for the winners.The trophy is carved from a pedestal studded with precious stones, and the goddess of victory extends her arms to hold an octagonal cup.To remember the founder - remy, chairman of the World Cup, put the cup was named "World Cup", but before the outbreak of world war ii the third contest held by (1930193 4193), the only known as the World Cup.By 1970, Brazil, then the only three-time champion, had won the trophy forever.
During world war ii, the World Cup trophy was hidden under a bed in an Italian house to protect it from invaders.Before the 1966 World Cup in Britain, the tournament was stolen from public display.The British police have repeatedly sought the trophy but failed.In the end, the trophy was found in a suburban trash can by a dog called piketz.The World Cup is back.
The trophy was again stolen in Brazil in 1983 and has yet to be found.It is estimated that it may have been melted by thieves, so the trophy of hercules is a farewell to the world.So the Brazilian football association made copies instead of keeping them.
The second World Cup trophy was chosen from 53 different designs and was presented at the 1974 World Cup.The trophy was made of 18K pure gold by Italian sculptor galania.According to his account, the image of the trophy contains "the spiral line rising from the ground supporting the earth, which strongly demonstrates the passion of the moment of victory".
The trophy is 36 centimeters (14 inches) tall and weighs 4,970 grams (11 pounds) and belongs to FIFA.Teams that win the World Cup can get gold-plated replicas.
The history of the World Cup
Modern football originated in England, but later became popular in the world.As the football movement began to develop, international games also appeared.In 1896, when the first modern Olympic Games were held in Greece, football was officially a sport, and Denmark beat Greece 9-0 to become the first Olympic champion.Because professional athletes were not allowed to participate in the Olympic Games, by 1928 the football game was no longer sustainable.
After the 1928 Olympics, FIFA held a meeting of its representatives and unanimously adopted a resolution to hold the quadrennial world football championship.This has played a positive role in promoting the further development and improvement of world football.The new football tournament was originally called the world football championship.In 1956, at a meeting in Luxembourg, FIFA decided to change the name to the remy cup.It's a tribute to former FIFA President jean-francois remit for his achievements in football.Remit served as President of FIFA for 33 years (1921-1954) and was the initiator and organizer of the world football championships.Later, it was suggested that the two names be combined to be called the world football championship - the remit cup.So, at the Helsinki conference, it was decided that the name should be changed to "world football championship - the remite cup", or "World Cup" for short.
The World Cup trophy was awarded in 1928 by FIFA to the winner of the trophy, which was forged by the famous Paris jeweler gabriel ferrell.The model is the legendary Greek goddess of victory, nikki, dressed in a tunic with her arms outstretched and a large cup in her hand.The statue, made of pure gold, weighs 1,800 grams and stands 30 centimeters high on a marble pedestal.The cup is a flowing prize and whoever wins it can keep it for four years and return it to FIFA before the next World Cup so that it can be given to a new world champion.There is also an added rule: whoever wins the World Cup three times in a row will always win the second.
The Jules rimet trophy
The remit is 35 centimeters high and weighs about 3.8 kilograms.The statue was made of sterling silver and gold-plated, with a blue base of lapis lazuli below.Each side of the base is decorated with a gold medal, inscribed with the name of the last nine World Cup winners.
The remit gold cup has a legendary and difficult experience.During world war ii, FIFA vice President Ottorino Barassi hid it in a shoe box under his bed throughout the war to keep it out of the hands of the occupying forces.Then, in 1966, the golden cup disappeared while on display in England and was found buried under a tree by a dog named Pickles.Finally, in 1983, it was stolen again, this time in Rio DE janeiro, and it was said to have been melted down by thieves.All we can see now is a replica made by the Brazilian football association, the owner of the gold cup.
In 1970, Uruguay, Italy and Brazil won the ninth World Cup twice.Therefore, there is always a chance to have the second cup, and as a result, the Brazilian team took the cup first.
To do this, FIFA will have to prepare a new trophy for the lower world champions.In May 1971, FIFA elect a new cup, through review of 53 kinds of schemes, decided to adopt the Italian design of giza, - two guinness hands dagger design scheme of the earth.The shape symbolizes the power and scale of sport.The new cup has been named the FIFA World Cup.The cup is 36 centimeters high and weighs 5 kilograms. It was worth 20,000 dollars at the time.In 1974, west Germany won a new cup for the first time as a champion in the 10th World Cup.This time, FIFA has ruled that the new cup will be a flowing prize, and no matter how many champions each team has won, it will not be allowed to own it.
World Cup
From the 1st to the 20th World Cup literacy
The first World Cup in Uruguay in 1930
There are no qualifying matches, only 13 national teams have signed up for the tournament, and two South American countries, Uruguay and Argentina, have joined hands in the final.Uruguay's national football team became the first World Cup champion.
The first World Cup kicked off a new era in world football.
The second World Cup 1934 in Italy
The tournament was broadcast live for the first time on radio.
Italy competed with Czechoslovakia for the title and Italy won its first World Cup.
The third World Cup in France in 1938
In this cup, the last champion and the host team went straight to the final.The rules governing the immediate entry of the last champion into the final stages of the World Cup were not lifted until after the 2002 World Cup in Korea and Japan.
In the 2006 World Cup in Germany, the former champion Brazil also participated in the South American qualifying.
The final was between Italy and Hungary, with Italy holding the title 4-2.Italy also became the first team in World Cup history to retain the title.
The 4th World Cup 1950 in Brazil
Brazil, Uruguay, Spain and Sweden are in the final four after the first round of the group round, and they need to decide again in the form of a round robin.Competition is in fact the last decisive battle of Brazil and Uruguay, the match at the maracana stadium, seasoned Uruguay withstood the pressure field and otc, after the second World Cup championship glory.
For the first time, the tournament attracted more than 1 million spectators and set a World Cup record of 60,000 per game.Brazilian andriy adeimil won the award for best marksman, scoring seven goals.It is also worth mentioning that throughout the cup, no one was sent off, probably after the baptism of the second world war, and people have become more friendly and friendly.
The 5th World Cup 1954 in Switzerland
The tournament was held in five Swiss cities, with 140 goals scored in 26 matches, giving fans a treat.The record for an average of 5.38 goals per game is also the highest in any World Cup final.For the first time in the tournament, players wore numbered jerseys.In addition, television was first used to broadcast the World Cup.
The bundesliga began their remarkable run at the World Cup with a reverse victory over Hungary, known as the uncrowned king.
The 6th World Cup 1958 in Sweden
The star of the tournament was Brazilian talent pele, 17, who played on the left wing and with galincha, zagaro and wawa formed the sharpest front line in the world.France's another star fontaine, he was the first in the World Cup finals goal in every game player, created so far no one to break the record 13 goals in a World Cup.
The host country, Sweden, played well, reaching the final and competing for the title.But Brazilian art football soon proved its power, winning its first World Cup title.
China qualified for the World Cup for the first time, but failed to qualify.
The 7th World Cup 1962 in Chile
The tournament has been described as one of the roughest in World Cup history, with players sent off in almost every match.Three days into the game, 34 players were sent off.
Brazil beat Czechoslovakia to become the third team to win the World Cup twice, setting off a violent "yellow storm" around the world.
The 8th 1966 England World Cup
The biggest black horse in the tournament belongs to north Korea, which is the first Asian team to qualify for the World Cup.
In England and the federal republic of Germany in the title race, England's hurst became the hero of the host country, he has become so far the only player in the final stage of the "hat trick", first on the origin of modern football team champion has done.The British have used the classic 4-4-2 formation, which is still used by many teams.The controversial goal in the final between England and Germany has also become a mystery and a classic in World Cup history.
The 9th World Cup 1970 in Mexico
With the development of soccer on all continents, FIFA decided for the first time to hold the World Cup outside Europe and South America, and finally Mexico.
Title race in Brazil last with a 4-1 victory over Italy, epoch-making victory, become the first team to win three times in the history of the World Cup, and the permanent possession of "the Jules rimet trophy.
The 10th World Cup 1974 in Germany
The tournament comes amid a wave of technological innovation in football around the world, with the Dutchman's creation of a "total defence" as the representative, bringing new vitality to football.
In a historic final between Germany and the Netherlands, federal Germany won 2-1 and climbed to the podium for the second time.
The 11th World Cup 1978 in Argentina
This World Cup has achieved a historic breakthrough, with more than 100 teams competing in qualifying for the first time.
Argentina competed with the previous runner-up, the Netherlands, for the crown.In the end, Argentina scored 3-1 to put the Netherlands back in second place.It is the fifth time in World Cup history that the host nation has won the tournament.
The 12th World Cup in Spain in 1982
The cup has been expanded to 24 teams.
Italy and west Germany are competing for the title.Italy became the second country after Brazil to win three World Cup titles.Rossi also won the tournament's top scorer and player of the year award for six goals.
The 13th World Cup 1986 in Mexico
Colombia, the host of the World Cup, has given up because of financial difficulties.Mexico replaced Colombia in hosting the World Cup and became the first country to host two world cups.The World Cup was preceded by a massive earthquake.
Argentina are competing with Germany for the title, and diego maradona has shown himself to be the best player in the tournament, which has become a stage for him to perform.Argentina won the championship.
The 14th World Cup 1990 in Italy
The tournament's heroes are veteran mira mila, top scorer nicolas schillach and Argentina's goalkeeper goichea.The title goes to federal Germany, which, like Italy and Brazil, has won three world cups.
The tournament attracted nearly 26.7 billion television viewers and $140 million in ticket revenue.
The 15th World Cup 1994 in the United States
The World Cup finals are filled with exciting scenes and amazing goals.Saudi Arabia made it to the last 16 and won glory for Asian football.The biggest tragedy of the tournament has been the murder of Colombian player escobar when he returned home after scoring the ball into his own goal.
The final was between Brazil and Italy, both of which have won three world cups.The Brazilian won the World Cup again, becoming the first country in the world to win four world cups.
The 16th France 1998 World Cup
The World Cup tournament build-up to 32 teams, the biggest dark horse is Croatia into the World Cup finals for the first time, after disintegration of former Yugoslavia competed for the first time they eventually won third prize, the star suker become World Cup top scorer.The battle between England and Afghanistan was a classic and Owen was born.
July 12 became a holiday for the French, and in the final, midfielder zinedine zidane headed two goals in the first half, setting the stage for an early victory.In the end, France beat Brazil 3-0 to win the title.Ronaldo's dismal performance in the final was not immediately understood.
The 17th Korea Japan 2002 World Cup
For the first time in World Cup history, the two countries will co-host the tournament.The tournament has been dominated by underdogs and underdogs, with several of the favourites remaining in the group stages.
The final was between Brazil and Germany, and Brazil won its fifth World Cup title.
Host South Korea finished fourth, setting a new World Cup record for Asian teams.
China entered the final stage of the World Cup for the first time, but failed to score in the group stage for three games.
The 18th 2006 World Cup in Germany
Germany, South Africa, England, Morocco and Brazil bid for the 2006 World Cup, but Brazil pulled out at the last minute.In the final vote, Germany beat South Africa 12-11 to win the 2006 World Cup.This is the second time Germany has hosted a World Cup final.Germany last hosted the World Cup in 1974.
The return of zinedine zidane to action by France exceeded expectations, but his influence has also led to some of the most senior players who are not at their peak.What was even more unexpected was the Italian team, which, with their strong cohesion and chain defense, unexpectedly reached the final and won the cup.
The final four were all European teams, with Asian and African teams underperforming, and finally Italy beat France on penalties to win the tournament.Zinedine zidane shocked the world in the second half of extra time when he was sent off for striking Italian defender Marco materazzi with his head.After the game, the public opinion pointed the finger at materazzi, but the truth may have to wait a long time before it becomes known to the world's fans.
The 19th World Cup 2010 in South Africa
The 19th World Cup will be held in South Africa. It will be the first time for African countries to hold the World Cup, which indicates that African football career is on the peak stage.
The 20th 2014 World Cup in Brazil
On October 30, 2007, FIFA announced at its headquarters in Zurich that Brazil would host the 2014 World Cup.
世界杯渊源始于20世纪初的奥林匹克运动会，特别是在安特卫普1920年举办的奥林匹克运动会上。在那届奥运会上，南美、亚洲及非洲的14个国家参加了奥运会的足球项目1928年17个国家参加了阿姆斯特丹奥运会，但直到这时还没有成型的世界杯诞生。

　　直到1920年5月26日，国际足联决定独自举办足球比赛，从此诞生了世界杯。在1926年国际足联总会上，会长雷米特通过了“举办FIFA成员国足球协会的所有国家队都可参加的第一届FIFA世界杯赛”的提案。

　　他们选择在奥运会的中间年度比赛，并且决定每隔四年举办一次世界杯，在法国举办完第三届（1938年）比赛之后，由于第二次世界大战爆发，世界杯比赛中断了12年。战争一结束，巴西就在1950年举办了第四届世界杯赛。截至2014年，共举办了20届世界杯。

拓展知识： FIFA世界杯奖杯的由来

　　FIFA世界杯历史期间，曾有2个世界杯奖杯，其中第一个奖杯经历了不少曲折。

　　当国际足联决定于在1930年举办首届世界杯之后，法国雕刻家拉菲尔制作了将为优胜队颁发的纯金奖杯。该奖杯是在镶嵌着宝石的支柱上，胜利女神伸展双臂托着八角形杯子的雕刻品。 为了记念世界杯的创始人-雷米特会长，把该奖杯命名为“大力神杯”，但在二战爆发之前所举行的第三届比赛（1930，1934，1938）上，仅被称为世界杯。到了1970年，当时唯一的三连冠国家的巴西永远地占有了这只奖杯。

　　在第二次世界大战期间，世界杯奖杯为了不受侵略者的“迫害”曾被藏在意大利一房屋的床底下。1966年英国召开世界杯之前，该世界杯在向平民展览时被盗走。英国警局多次寻找这座奖杯，但以失败告终。最后，该奖杯被称为“皮克兹”的小狗在郊外的垃圾箱找出。世界杯失而复得。

　　在1983年，该奖杯在巴西再次被盗，至今尚未找到下落。据估计可能已经被偷盗者溶化了，因此号成为大力神的奖杯就此告别世人。所以巴西足球协会制作了复制品代替保管着。

　　第二只世界杯奖杯是在53种设技图案中选择出的，并且在1974年召开的世界杯赛上与大家见面的。该奖杯是由意大利雕刻家加拉尼亚用18K纯金制作的。按照他的说明，该奖杯的形象蕴含着“从地面上升起的螺旋型线在支撑着地球，这有力地表现了取得胜利的那一瞬间的激情”。

　　这座奖杯高36厘米(14英寸)，重4，970克(11英镑)，归国际足联所有。获得世界杯冠军的球队可得到镀金的复制品。
世界杯的来历
现代足球起源于英国，虽后风靡世界。由于足球运发动发展，国际比赛也随之出现。1896年，第一界现代奥运会在希腊举行时，足球就列为正式比赛项目，丹麦以9:0大胜希腊，成为奥运会第一个足球冠军。因为奥运会不允许职业运动员参加，到了1928年（第九界奥运会）足球比赛已无法持续。
1928年奥运会结束后，国际足联召开代表会议，一致通过决议，举办四年一次的世界足球锦标赛。这对于世界足球运动的进一步发展和提高起到了积极的推动作用。最初这个新的足球大赛称为“世界足球锦标赛”。1956年，国际足联在卢森堡召开的会议上，决定易名为“雷米特杯赛”。这是为表彰前国际足联主席法国人雷米特为足球运动所作出的成就。雷米特担任国际足联主席33年（1921-1954），是世界足球锦标赛的发起者和组织者。后来，有人建议将两个名字联起来，称为“世界足球锦标赛---雷米特杯”。于是，在赫尔辛基会议上决定更名为“世界足球锦标赛---雷米特杯”，简称”世界杯“。
世界杯赛的奖杯是1928年，国际足联为得胜者特制的奖品，是由巴黎著名首饰技师弗列尔铸造的。其模特是希腊传说中的胜利女神尼凯，她身着古罗马束腰长袍，双臂伸直，手中捧一只大杯。雕像由纯金铸成，重1800克，高30厘米，立在大理石底座上。此杯为流动奖品，谁得了冠军，可把金杯保存4年，到下一界杯赛前交还给国际足联，以便发给新的世界冠军。此外有一个附加规定是：谁连续三次获得世界冠军，谁将永远得到次杯。
雷米特杯
“雷米特金杯”高35厘米，重约3.8公斤。雕像由纯银制作，外表镀金，下面是一个用青金石制作的蓝色底座。底座的四面各镶了一块金牌，上面刻着前9届世界杯冠军队的名字。
“雷米特金杯”有着一段传奇而坎坷的经历。在二战期间，国际足联的副主席Ottorino Barassi在整个战争期间一直将它藏在床底下的一个鞋盒里，才使它幸免于落入占领军的手里；然后在1966年，金杯在英格兰展示时突然失踪，后来被发现被埋在一棵树下面，找到它的是一只名为Pickles的狗；最后，在1983年，它又一次被盗，这一次是在里约热内卢，据说它最终被盗贼们熔化了。现在我们能看到的，只是金杯的拥有者巴西足协重新制作的复制品。
1970年，第九界世界杯赛时，乌拉圭、意大利、巴西都已获得过两次冠军。因此都有永远占有次杯的机会，结果是巴西队捷足先得，占有了此杯。
为此，国际足联还得准备一个新奖杯，以发给下界冠军。1971年5月，国际足联举行新杯审议会，经过对53种方案评议后，决定采用意大利人加扎尼亚的设计方案---两个力士双手高擎地球的设计方案。这个造形象征着体育的威力和规模。新杯定名为”国际足联世界杯“。该杯高36厘米，重5公斤，当时价值2万美元。1974年第十界世界杯赛，西德队作为冠军第一次领取了新杯。这回，国际足联规定新杯为流动奖品，不论哪个队获得多少冠军，也不能占有此杯了。
大力神杯
从第1届到第20届 世界杯大扫盲
第1届 1930年乌拉圭世界杯
本届杯赛没有预选赛，只有13支国家队报名参赛，两个南美国家乌拉圭和阿根廷携手进入决赛。乌拉圭国家足球队成为第一个世界杯冠军。
第一届世界杯足球赛为世界足球运动开创了一个新纪元。
第2届 1934年意大利世界杯
本届杯赛第一次进行了电台的实况转播。
意大利与捷克斯洛伐克争夺冠军，意大利首次夺得世界杯冠军。
第3届 1938年法国世界杯
这届杯赛上，上届冠军和东道主球队直接进入决赛阶段比赛。上届冠军在世界杯直接进入决赛阶段比赛的规定直到2002年韩日世界杯后才被取消。
在2006年的德国世界杯上，上届冠军巴西也参加了南美区预选赛。
最终决赛在意大利和匈牙利之间进行，意大利队以4比2的比分蝉联冠军。意大利队也成为世界杯历史上第一支蝉联冠军的球队。
第4届 1950年巴西世界杯
经过第一轮小组循环赛，巴西、乌拉圭、西班牙和瑞典进入四强，他们需要再次以循环赛的形式决出冠军。巴西队与乌拉圭队的比赛就是事实上的最后决战，这场比赛在马拉卡纳球场上演，老道的乌拉圭队顶住了场上和场外的压力，第二次获得世界杯冠军荣誉。
本届杯赛的观众人数首次突破100万，并创造了平均每场6万名观众的世界杯记录。巴西球员阿德米尔荣获最佳射手奖，在比赛中，他共攻入7球。还有值得一提的是，整个杯赛过程，没有一名队员被罚出场，大概是经过第二次世界大战的洗礼，人们更加珍视和睦友善了。
第5届 1954年瑞士世界杯
本届杯赛在瑞士的五个城市进行， 26场比赛总共打进140个进球，令球迷大饱眼福。平均每场进5.38球的记录也是历届世界杯决赛阶段比赛最高的。本届杯赛，球员们首次穿上了印有号码的球衣。另外，电视首次运用于世界杯赛的转播。
联邦德国队逆转战胜了被誉为“无冕之王”的匈牙利队最后获得冠军，开始了他们在世界杯赛上的辉煌历程。
第6届 1958年瑞典世界杯
这届比赛的大明星是巴西队年仅17岁的天才球员贝利，他司职左边锋，与加林查、扎加洛、瓦瓦组成世界上最锋利的前锋线。另一位明星是法国队的方丹，他是第一位在世界杯决赛阶段每场比赛都有进球的球星，创造了至今无人打破的一届世界杯进13球的最高记录。
东道主瑞典队发挥出众，进入冠军决赛，与争夺冠军。但巴西艺术足球很快向世人证明了它的威力，巴西队第一次夺得世界杯冠军。
中国队首次参加了世界杯预选赛，但未能获得出线权。
第7届 1962年智利世界杯
这届杯赛被称为历史上最粗野的一次世界杯赛，几乎每场比赛都有球员被罚出场外。开赛三天，竟然有34名球员是被抬下场的。
巴西队战胜捷克斯洛伐克队成为第三个两次获得世界杯冠军的队伍，在世界掀起了猛烈的“黄色风浪”。
第8届 1966年英格兰世界杯
本届杯赛上的最大黑马属于朝鲜队，他是世界杯赛上首次进入复赛的亚洲球队。
在英格兰与联邦德国的冠军争夺战中，英格兰队的赫斯特成为了东道国的英雄，他成为迄今为止唯一一位在决赛中上演“ 帽子戏法 ”的球员，现代足球队发源国第一次登上了冠军奖台。英国人在本届比赛中创新使用了“442”阵型，这个经典的阵型到目前仍然被很多球队所采用。英格兰与联邦德国的冠亚军决赛中的争议进球也成为世界杯历史上的悬案和经典。
第9届 1970年墨西哥世界杯
随着各大洲足球运动的发展，国际足球联合会首次决定在欧洲和南美洲之外的地区举办世界杯赛，最后选中了墨西哥。
冠军争夺战中巴西最后以4比1战胜意大利队，取得划时代的胜利，成为世界杯历史上第一支三次夺冠的队伍，并永久占有了“雷米特杯”。
第10届 1974年德国世界杯
这届杯赛正值世界足球技术革新的热潮，以荷兰人创造的“全攻全守”为代表，为足球带来了新的活力。
联邦德国队与荷兰队踢了一场永垂史册的决赛，在全场观众的欢呼声中，联邦德国队2-1获胜，第二次登上了冠军领奖台。
第11届 1978年阿根廷世界杯
本届世界杯赛实现了一个历史性的突破，预选赛的参赛队伍第一次超过了100支。
阿根廷队与上届亚军荷兰队争夺桂冠。最后，阿根廷队以3比1的比分使荷兰队再次屈居“老二”。这也是世界杯历史上第五次由东道主夺魁。
第12届 1982年西班牙世界杯
本届杯赛扩军至24支球队。
意大利与西德进行冠军争霸战。意大利成为继巴西后，第二个获得三次世界杯冠军头衔的国家。罗西也以6球获得本届杯赛的最佳射手和最佳球员奖。
第13届 1986年墨西哥世界杯
这届世界杯的主办国哥伦比亚因财政困难宣布放弃。墨西哥代替哥伦比亚承办世界杯比赛，并成为了第一个举办过两届世界杯赛的国家。在此世界杯举办前，曾经历过巨大地震。
阿根廷队与联邦德国队争夺冠军，巨星马拉多纳显示出他作为本届杯赛最佳球员的风采，本届杯赛成了他表演的大舞台。阿根廷最后获得冠军。
第14届 1990年意大利世界杯
本届杯赛的英雄人物当属老将米拉、最佳射手斯基拉奇和阿根廷门神戈耶切亚。冠军最后属于联邦德国队，联邦德国与意大利、巴西一样，成为三次获得世界杯冠军的国家。
本届杯赛吸引了近267亿次电视观众，门票收入达1.4亿美元。
第15届 1994年美国世界杯
本届世界杯决赛圈比赛充满了精彩刺激的场面和令人叫绝的进球。沙特阿拉伯队闯入了16强，为亚洲足球赢得了荣誉。本届杯赛上最大的悲剧是哥伦比亚球员埃斯科巴因将球打入自家球门，回国后惨遭杀害。
最后的决赛的双方是巴西队和意大利队，两队都分别获得过三届世界杯冠军。比赛在120分钟内没有分出高低，点球决战，巴乔射失点球，巴西人再次捧杯，成为世界上第一支获得四届世界杯冠军的国家。
第16届 1998年法国世界杯
本届杯赛世界杯扩军到32支球队，最大的黑马是首次进入世界杯决赛阶段比赛的克罗地亚队，前南解体后首次参赛的他们最终获得第3名，队中球星苏克成为本届世界杯最佳射手。而英阿之战成为了经典，欧文横空出世。
7月12日成为了法国人的节日，在决赛中，中场大将齐达内在上半场两次头球破门，为法国队夺冠早早奠定了胜局。最终，法国队以3比0击败巴西夺魁。人们不解罗纳尔多在决赛中的低迷表现。
第17届 2002年韩日世界杯
世界杯历史上首次由两国合办。本届杯赛以弱胜强的冷门频出，数个夺标热门队伍止步于小组赛。
决赛在巴西和德国之间进行，巴西队第5次获得世界杯冠军。
东道国韩国队获得第4名，创造了亚洲球队在世界杯历史上的新纪录。
中国队首次进入世界杯决赛阶段的比赛，但小组赛三场未进球，以失9球、积0分的成绩无功而返。
第18届 2006年德国世界杯
德国、南非、英格兰、摩洛哥和巴西参与了2006年世界杯的申办，但是巴西在最后时刻退出。在最后的投票中，德国以12票比11票，以一票的优势战胜了南非，获得了2006年世界杯的举办权。这是德国第二次举办世界杯决赛阶段的比赛。德国上次举办世界杯是在1974年。
齐达内复出后的法国队的发挥超出了人们的预期，当然由于他的影响也带来了一些巅峰不在的老将（巴特兹等）；而更加超出人们预料的是意大利队，他们依靠强大的凝聚力以及链式防守出人意料的打进了决赛，并最终捧杯。
这届杯赛上，四强全为欧洲球队，亚非球队表现不佳，最终意大利以点球大战战胜法国，获得冠军。齐达内在加时赛下半场因为用头撞击意大利队后卫马特拉齐，被红牌罚下，震惊了世界。赛后舆论纷纷将矛头指向马特拉齐，但是真相也许要等待很久才能为世界球迷所知。
第19届 2010年南非世界杯
第19届世界杯将在南非举行，这是非洲国家第一次举办世界杯赛，预示着非洲足球事业逐步踏入颠峰。
第20届 2014年巴西世界杯
北京时间2007年10月30日，国际足联在总部苏黎世宣布：巴西将承办2014年世界杯。