动若脱兔的瞬间启动，雷霆万钧的长途奔袭，白驹过隙的非凡速度，永不知倦的矫健步伐，舍甫琴科被全世界称颂为“乌克兰核弹头”。世人铭记的，一直是他在AC米兰折桂欧冠、勇夺金球的高光时刻，但在世界杯舞台上，舍甫琴科，同样缔造了一人、一国、一世界的传世佳话。
夺取欧冠奖杯后，舍瓦想到的第一个概念是世界杯

　　三次附加赛悲剧

　　因为历史原因，1998年世界杯开始，乌克兰队才真正作为FIFA大家庭的一员参赛。1998年世界杯预选赛，乌克兰被分入德国、葡萄牙所在的死亡之组。舍甫琴科包办了球队3成的入球，统率球队获得小组第二，获得附加赛机会。但面对拥有苏克、博班、贾尔尼、西米奇、普罗辛内茨基、图多尔等众多世界级球星压阵的克罗地亚，仅有舍瓦一个明星的乌克兰队黯然落败。

　　2002年韩日世界杯预选赛上，乌克兰再次屈居小组第二，在残酷的附加赛上，又遇到了强悍的德国队。面对那支卡恩、巴拉克、比尔霍夫、克洛泽等人统率的强悍劲旅，乌克兰队除去舍瓦之外，多个位置缺乏顶星的事实，让他们再度遗憾出局。在这之间，2000年欧洲杯附加赛上，乌克兰队又一次倒在残酷的附加赛上。

三次的附加赛失败，成为让乌克兰民众肝肠寸断的噩梦。还有什么，比倒在距离大赛只有一步之遥的地方更痛苦的呢？2003年，当舍甫琴科捧起欧冠奖杯时，他说了这样一段让众多乌克兰人民撕心裂肺的话：“一个乌克兰人也许永远也不可能夺得世界杯，冠军杯就是我的世界杯……”

　　梦想之力，拒绝悲剧

　　那些年，无数人在说，如果舍甫琴科不在乌克兰，而是在巴西，德国，意大利，或是其他一支整体实力更强的球队，那么舍瓦绝对可以像罗纳尔多、克洛泽或达沃-苏克一样，在世界杯上书写一个又一个传奇。那些年，人们将舍甫琴科和伊恩-拉什、坎通纳、吉格斯、乔治贝斯特放在一起评论，认为他将是又一个毕生无缘世界杯的悲情巨星。

　　作为一个在AC米兰赢得了一切，但在国家队却得不到足够支持的巨星，舍甫琴科在夺取欧冠之后还在谈论世界杯，于他而言，参加世界杯，就是他在足球领域至高无上的梦。人力，可以敌得过命运的玩弄吗？梦想之力，真的可以拒绝悲剧吗？

　　他所能做的，只是更加努力，更加拼命。98世界杯预选赛，他攻入3球；02世界杯预选赛，他攻入6球。2006年世界杯预选赛，他传射包办了10球，占了球队所有入球的一半还多！一次又一次临危救主，一次又一次力破千军。终于在2005年9月5日，乌克兰以小组头名，闯过了世界杯预选赛！
An instant start, a long, proud dash, the extraordinary speed of the foal, the unwearied, vigorous pace, shevchenko has been hailed around the world as a "Ukrainian nuclear warhead".Immortality, has been in AC milan won the champions league, he won a golden ball in the perfect moment, but in the World Cup stage, shevchenko, also created a world of one person, one country, handed down from ancient times.
After winning the European cup, shevchenko first thought of the World Cup
Three play-off tragedies
For historical reasons, it was not until the 1998 World Cup that Ukraine played as a member of the FIFA family.In the 1998 World Cup qualifier, Ukraine was placed in the death group of Germany and Portugal.Shevchenko scored 30 per cent of the goal and led the team to second place in the group and a play-off.But facing with suker, bo, jarni, simic, Mr Steinitz zinn base, Tudor, and many other world-class star anchors of Croatia, dim and lost only andriy shevchenko a star of Ukraine.
In the 2002 World Cup qualifiers between Japan and South Korea, Ukraine again came second in the group and met a tough Germany in the brutal play-off.Face that Mr Strauss-kahn, ballack, bill hoff, miroslav klose and others took the strong rivals, Ukraine except andriy shevchenko, the fact that multiple locations lack of top star, let them regret out again.In between, Ukraine again fell to the cruel play-off in the euro 2000 play-off.
Three failed play-offs have become a nightmare for ukrainians.What could be more painful than falling just a step from the big game?To lift the European cup in 2003, when shevchenko, he said such a let many ukrainians tore heart crack lung's words: "a Ukrainian probably would never have won the World Cup, the champions league is the World Cup I..."
The power of dreams, to reject tragedy
In those years, millions of people to say, if shevchenko not in Ukraine, but in Brazil, Germany, Italy, or other team overall strength is stronger, so shevchenko can definitely like cristiano ronaldo, miroslav klose, or davor suker flopped, written one after another legend in the World Cup.In those years, shevchenko was put together with Ian rush, cantona, giggs and George best as one of the biggest mourners in the World Cup.
As a won everything at AC milan, but in the national team is not enough support of superstar, shevchenko still talk about the World Cup after the win the champions league, for him, the World Cup, he is the supreme dream on the football field.Manpower, can be the enemy of the fate of the game?Can the power of dreams really reject tragedy?
All he could do was work harder and harder.He scored three goals in the 1998 World Cup qualifier.He scored six goals in the 2002 World Cup qualifier.In the 2006 World Cup qualifier, he scored 10 goals and accounted for more than half of the team's goals.Time and again in danger to save the Lord, again and again to break thousands of troops.Finally, on September 5, 2005, Ukraine won the first place in the group and qualified for the World Cup.