Russia's first football World Cup is just around the corner.Preparations are under way and there are many ideas to keep the World Cup in memory.
Moscow's sokolinikki park will install a 9-metre-high electric version of the vuvuzela, the izvestia newspaper reported on June 7.Fans can use the horn during matches.
The giant vuvuzela will be housed in the park's fountain square until the end of the World Cup, the report said.It is made of plastic and painted in the color of the Russian flag.Inside the speakers are electric speakers and microphones.
Park art director Andre kobol soff said: "unlike traditional vuvuzela, the tone of the electric horn is higher, but the sound more soft - volume does not exceed 120 decibels (the same as the volume of the car horn)."
"Another important feature of the vuvuzela is going to be popular with a lot of fans," kobosov said.Electric loudspeakers will be relayed during the Russian team's match.Football fans or park visitors can support our players by honking their horns when they score goals.
On the eve of the World Cup, yekaterinburg introduced an unusual smart device charging facility, a bicycle power station.The pedal-powered plant was developed by university students in the ural region with the support of experts from skolkovo innovation center.The project was named the best in the all-russia competition called the World Cup volunteer program heritage.
On the surface, the patented technology is commonplace: spinning.People can boost their physical activity by pedaling their bikes.But with the help of simple instruments, the exercise of muscles generates electricity.
"These actuators work on the basis of a generator that converts mechanical energy into electricity," explains jana metasheeva, one of the project's authors.To charge the phone, you need to plug in a wire and start rotating the pedals.Generally speaking, it can be charged in half an hour.However, the charging power is directly dependent on the strength of the bike.
The pedal power station was tested at a volunteer center at the ural federal university.College students immediately assess the new thing.Alexandra sudakova, a junior, comes to exercise almost every day after class: "kill two birds with one stone: you burn more calories and charge your phone."Tests by college students have shown that three exercise machines can charge 16 mobile phones within an hour.
During the World Cup, the bike stations will serve fans: they will be installed in the volunteer center, the yekaterinburg central stadium and the cup fan zone.
Again, according to AFP for expressing support for Germany, the 69 - year - old farmer in Bangladesh eminem Judd hussein sewing up to 5.5 km German flag, the flag in the 5th public appearance.Amjad began sewing the "longest ever" German flag in 2006 and lengthened it when the World Cup began.He even sold his land to buy the cloth he needed.

俄罗斯首次举办的足球世界杯开赛在即。筹备工作正在紧锣密鼓地进行，同时为使这届世界杯能久久留在记忆中，各种奇思妙想层出不穷。　

据俄罗斯《消息报》6月7日报道，13日，莫斯科的索科利尼基公园将安装9米高的电动版“呜呜祖拉”。球迷们可以在比赛时使用这个喇叭。

报道称，这个巨型的“呜呜祖拉”将被安置在这家公园的喷泉广场上直到世界杯结束。它由塑料制成，并刷成俄罗斯国旗的颜色。喇叭内是电动扬声器和麦克风。

公园艺术指导安德烈・科波索夫介绍说：“与传统‘呜呜祖拉’不同，电动喇叭的音调更高，但声音更柔和――音量不超过120分贝（跟汽车喇叭的音量一样）。”

科波索夫还指出：“这个‘呜呜祖拉’的另一个重要功能想必会受到众多球迷的青睐。在俄罗斯队比赛期间，电动扬声器将进行转播。足球爱好者或公园游客可在我们的球员进球时大声鸣笛以支持他们。”

另据《俄罗斯报》6月7日报道，在世界杯前夕，叶卡捷琳堡推出了不同寻常的智能设备充电设施――自行车电站。脚踏式电站是由乌拉尔地区的大学生在来自斯科尔科沃创新中心的专家支持下研发的。该项目在名为“世界杯志愿者计划遗产”的全俄竞赛中被评为最优。

从外表看，这项专利技术稀松平常：动感单车。人们可以通过脚蹬单车踏板来提高身体活力。但借助简单的仪器，对肌肉的锻炼就能产生电流。

项目作者之一扬娜・梅塔舍娃解释道：“这些练习器按照发电机的原理工作：将机械能转化为电能。为给手机充电，需要接入电线并开始旋转踏板。一般来说，半小时便可充电完毕。不过，充电功率直接取决于‘骑车’的强度。”

脚踏式电站被安装在乌拉尔联邦大学的志愿者中心接受测试。大学生立刻对这个新事物进行评估。大三学生亚历山德拉・苏达科娃几乎每天课后都来做运动：“这样一举两得：既能消耗多余卡路里，又能为手机充电。”大学生的试验表明，三台练习器一小时内可为16部手机充电。

世界杯期间，自行车电站将服务于球迷：它们将安装在志愿者中心、叶卡捷琳堡中央球场和杯赛球迷区。

又据法新社报道，为表达对德国队的支持，现年69岁的孟加拉国农民阿姆贾德・侯赛因缝制了一面长达5.5千米的德国国旗，该旗于5日公开亮相。阿姆贾德于2006年开始缝制这面“史上最长”的德国国旗，并在此后的世界杯到来时将其继续加长。为了购买所需布匹，他甚至卖掉了自己的土地。