Guide language: four years a session of World Cup striker is carrying countless football legend, if the title is the highest standard to measure a team at the World Cup, World Cup golden boot is striker's highest honor.Let's look back at the top goalscorer of the last nine world cups and see who you know.
2014: hermes rodriguez
Ronaldo, who scored six goals for Colombia in the last eight of the World Cup in Brazil, is the team's top scorer after 16 years.Five games later, in the quarter-finals against Uruguay, jromet scored twice, 2-0, and delivered a stunning volley that was FIFA's best goal of the year.
After that World Cup, ronaldo became a big hit in the transfer market and eventually joined Spanish giants real Madrid.Now at bayern, he is also brilliant, scoring twice in the champions league semi-final against the old man.As a Colombian superstar, can he repeat what he did four years ago in this year's World Cup?Let's wait and see.
2010: Thomas muller
In Germany, the name "muller" is legendary, not related, but the "muller people" wrote the legend of the German football field at different times.Nicknamed the bomber, gad mueller scored 14 goals in 13 world cups in 1970 and 1974.And current star Thomas muller has become the third top-scorer in the world to score at least five goals in two consecutive world cups.Looking forward to the German chariot of the strongest shadow - blade killer will help Germany to the summit, continuing muller's glory.
2006: miroslav klose
In the World Cup in Germany, klose continued his performance four years ago, scoring five goals at home.4-2 costa rica, 3-0 Ecuador, K god are all playing the second - degree drama.In the quarter-finals against Argentina, he equalised with a header 10 minutes before the final, handing the team a penalty shoot-out.Today, the veteran who has played four consecutive world cups has retired, and the World Cup's historic goalscorer, who scored 16 goals without penalty, is well deserved.
2002: ronaldo
South Korea and Japan World Cup, the return of the injured ronaldo has also revitalized Brazil.They won all three of their group matches and beat Belgium and Turkey in the knockout stages.In seven games, ronaldo only failed to score in the quarter-finals against England.In this World Cup, the aliens who scored eight goals broke the spell of no one in the World Cup for 28 years to break the magic of six goals.
1998: davao suk
In the World Cup in France, davao suq, who has won six cities in seven games, is the top scorer of the tartans.His third goal against Jamaica set him up for victory and defeat, and his 3-0 victory over Germany in the quarter-finals was the highlight of Croatia's golden generation, led by suke.Against the hosts in the semi-final, the 2-1 defeat was glorious.Wearing gold boots, holding a silver ball and winning a bronze medal, the World Cup was a highlight of suke's football career.
1994: salenko and stoicchkov
The World Cup in the United States has been filled with dramatic reversals in which the protagonists, salenko and stoicchkov, share the glory of being the best goalscorer.Russia's 6-1 thrashing of the African lion, Cameroon, and salenko have scored five goals in a single game of the World Cup.Stoicchkov, who scored six goals in seven games, was also the patron saint of Bulgaria. He swept Greece 4-0, beat Mexico in a penalty shoot-out and advanced to the last eight.
They were the black horses of the World Cup, but the national team did not perform well in the World Cup after that.
1990: scrooge
Speaking of the flash in the pan, Italy's World Cup top scorer, nicolas schillach, also made the list.The last man in the 22-man squad to play in the World Cup, the little-known Scylla won the golden shoe award and golden globe award, becoming Italy's contribution to the final four.From substitute to starter, Scylla stunned the summer of 1990 with six goals.But the moment of high light was fleeting, and his glory faded with the poor performance of his career.
1986: reinkel
Mexico's top scorer in the World Cup, England's only golden boot, lineker is the biggest killer of the three lions.In the crucial group game against Poland, lineker's hat-trick brought hope to England, who had not scored an unbeaten goal.In the knockout round against Paraguay, he led the team to the quarter-finals twice.The win over Argentina allowed lineker to score six goals in the World Cup, earning him the top scorer award.At the same time, the most valuable thing in his career is that he has never won a yellow card, which is why he is known as the "gentleman of football".
1982: Paul rossi
On the eve of the 1982 World Cup, Italy was in the grip of a scandal over match-fixing.Coach claudio bayazote, who has a keen eye, has called in rossi to play in the World Cup after his sentence has expired.With just two goals in the group stage and three draws, Italy's chances are slim.However, against Brazil, rossi's hat-trick finally broke out and Italy came back to life.The semi-final saw rossie beat Poland twice and his first record 3-1 win over west Germany helped Italy to the top.Giuseppe rossi is also credited with winning the top scorer for his six goals in the World Cup.
　　导语： 四年一届的世界杯承载着无数足坛射手们的传奇故事，如果说冠军是衡量一支球队在世界杯上的最高标准，金靴奖则是世界杯上前锋球员的最高荣誉。让我们一同回首近九届世界杯最佳射手，看看你都认识谁。

　　2014：哈梅斯-罗德里格斯
　　巴西世界杯，哥伦比亚在16年后重返决赛圈并一举闯进八强，为球队打进6球的J罗是队内头号功臣。五场比赛场场破门，1/8决赛对阵乌拉圭时，J罗梅开二度2-0战胜对手，并上演了一记精彩的凌空抽射，这也当选了当年FIFA最佳进球。

　　那届世界杯后，J罗在转会市场变得炙手可热，并最终加盟西甲豪门皇家马德里。如今身处拜仁的他也分外耀眼，欧冠半决赛对阵旧主实现两连击破门。作为哥伦比亚的巨星，J罗能否在今年世界杯中再现四年前风采？让我们拭目以待。

　　2010：托马斯-穆勒
　　在德国，“穆勒”这个姓氏具有传奇色彩，虽无血缘关系，但“穆勒们”在不同时期书写着德国绿茵场上的传奇故事。绰号“轰炸机”的盖德-穆勒参加的1970和1974两届世界杯共13场比赛攻进了14球。而现役球星托马斯-穆勒也成为世界上第三位连续两届世界杯都能至少攻入五球的超级射手。期待着德意志战车的最强影锋杀手能再助德国登顶，延续穆勒的荣耀。

　　2006：米洛斯拉夫-克洛泽
　　德国世界杯，克洛泽延续四年前的表现，坐镇主场攻下5球。4-2哥斯达黎加，3-0厄瓜多尔，K神均上演了梅开二度的好戏。1/4决赛对决阿根廷，他在终场前10分钟头球破门将比分扳平，为球队送上点球大战。如今，连续作战四届世界杯的老将功成身退，无一点球的16粒进球的世界杯历史射手王，当之无愧。

　　2002：罗纳尔多
　　韩日世界杯，伤愈归来的罗纳尔多也让巴西队重新焕发生机。小组赛三战全胜， 淘汰赛阶段又连续攻破比利时和土耳其大门。7场比赛，罗纳尔多只有在对阵英格兰的1/4决赛中没有进球入账。该届世界杯中，打进8球的外星人一举击碎了世界杯28年无人突破6球的魔咒，同时也成就了五星霸业。

　　1998：达沃-苏克
　　法国世界杯，7场比赛攻下6城的达沃-苏克是格子军团的头号功臣。对阵牙买加他的第三粒球进帐决定胜败，1/4决赛3-0完胜德国更是苏克领衔的克罗地亚黄金一代上演的上乘之作。半决赛面对东道主，2-1遭逆转虽败犹荣。穿金靴，捧银球，获铜牌，那届世界杯是苏克足球生涯的高光时刻。

　　1994：萨连科和斯托伊奇科夫
　　美国世界杯上演了许多精彩绝伦的反转大戏，其中的主角萨连科和斯托伊奇科夫共同分享最佳射手的荣耀。俄罗斯6-1血洗非洲雄狮喀麦隆，萨连科更是创造了一项世界杯个人单场进5球的奇迹。而7场比赛进6球的斯托伊奇科夫同样也是保加利亚的守护神，4-0狂扫希腊，点球战胜墨西哥挺进8强，爆冷淘汰德国更是一鸣惊人。

　　他们是当年世界杯的黑马，但是在此后的世界杯国家队表现不佳，二人昙花一现的世界杯之旅也是惊人的相似。

　　1990：斯基拉奇

　　说到昙花一现，意大利世界杯的最佳射手斯基拉奇也绝对榜上有名。作为征战该届世界杯22人阵容的最后一人，名不见经传的斯基拉奇包揽了该届世界杯的金靴奖和金球奖，成为意大利挺进4强的功臣。从替补到首发，斯基拉奇攻下6球惊艳了1990年的那个夏天。但高光时刻转瞬即逝，他的荣光随着职业生涯的不佳表现逐渐暗淡。

　　1986：莱因克尔
　　墨西哥世界杯的最佳射手，英格兰的唯一金靴，莱因克尔是三狮军团的最强杀手。小组赛对阵波兰的关键一役，莱因克尔上演帽子戏法将此前一球未进一场未胜的英格兰带来希望。淘汰赛对阵巴拉圭梅开二度带领球队闯进八强。对战阿根廷攻下一城让莱因克尔本届世界杯进球记录达到6球，斩获了最佳射手奖。同时，在他的职业生涯中最难能可贵的一点就是从未得过一张黄牌，也因此被誉为“足球绅士”。

　　1982：保罗-罗西
　　1982年世界杯前夕，意大利正笼罩在假球丑闻的阴霾之下。教练贝阿尔佐特慧眼识珠，将处罚期满的罗西召进国家队出战世界杯。小组赛仅两球入账三场战平，意大利希望渺茫。然而在对决巴西队，罗西帽子戏法终于爆发，意大利实现复活。半决赛罗西梅开二度击败波兰，决赛也是他首开记录3-1战胜西德助意大利成功登顶。此届世界杯罗西斩下6球获得最佳射手，也为自己正名。