中新网客户端6月5日电(王禹)距离2018俄罗斯世界杯开幕已不足10日，来自五大洲的32支强队纷纷摩拳擦掌，欲在俄罗斯的绿茵场上一决高下。究竟是哪五支球队将扛起所在大洲的足球大旗，作为“扛把子”身先士卒，为所在大洲赢得荣誉？如果你对足球只有一知半解，认清这些顶尖队，能帮助你的足球经验值马上增加50%。

　　欧洲足坛向来强者如林，近半个世纪以来他们从未缺席过任何一届世界杯的决赛赛场，其整体实力可见一斑。本届世界杯，欧洲一共派出了除东道主俄罗斯以外的13支队伍参赛，球队数量上冠绝各大洲。通常来讲，最近的一次欧洲杯冠军得主葡萄牙队，毫无疑问将坐上本大洲的头把交椅。

　　但就目前情况来看，在兵强马壮的德国队面前，阵容相对孱弱的葡萄牙队恐怕要在旁边站一站。作为世界杯卫冕冠军，一直以来，德国队都凭借深厚的底蕴，优异稳定的成绩以及先进的足球理念引领着世界足坛的潮流。历史上共8次杀入决赛，4次夺得冠军，13次晋级四强的世界杯战绩足以说明一切。

2017年联合会杯，派出二线阵容的德国队兵不血刃的将冠军收入囊中。如今出征世界杯，日耳曼战车也将向半个世纪以来“无法卫冕冠军”的魔咒发起冲击。在本次世界杯小组抽签中，德国同墨西哥、瑞典和韩国被分在一组，实力相比另外三支球队有着明显优势，小组第一出线并未难事。

　　遗憾的是，在德国队最新公布的23人名单中，上届世界杯“绝杀”阿根廷的夺冠功臣格策和本赛季状态火热的萨内，均未能如愿入选。但德国队的冠军班底，还保留着从后场到前场的博阿滕、胡梅尔斯、赫迪拉、克罗斯、厄齐尔和穆勒等构成的“中轴线”。顶级门将诺伊尔的火线复出也将助力德国队走的更远。

　　作为世界杯历史上少有的能与欧洲足坛抗衡的南美洲，本届世界杯尽管其仅有5支球队参赛，但从中不乏巴西、阿根廷等传统劲旅。但要论起如今谁能扛起南美洲足球大旗，由于智利队的意外失利，无缘世界杯，巴西和阿根廷的球迷恐怕要争论一番。

　　相较于俄罗斯世界杯预选赛磕磕绊绊，最后涉险过关的阿根廷队，外界无疑更加看好拥有内马尔的巴西队。据最新一期的赔率显示，五星巴西更有可能成为南美洲球队在俄罗斯世界杯上成绩最佳球队，不过值得一提的是，梅西率领的潘帕斯雄鹰与巴西队的差距并不明显。

2014年世界杯，本土作战的巴西队在半决赛中被德国队以1:7的耻辱比分淘汰出局。如今，内马尔率领球队卷土重来。经历了上届世界杯惨败过后，巴西队曾经经历了短暂低迷，但这一情况在2016年蒂特走马上任后有了明显改善。

　　在世界杯预选赛南美区18场比赛中，巴西队取得12场胜利，仅失利一场，净胜球30个，最终提前4轮出线，而41分的成绩创造了巴西队参加世界杯预选赛的历史，比第二名乌拉圭队领先10分。

　　球队阵容上，巴西队迎来利好消息，队内头号球星内马尔已经伤愈复出，他的发挥很大程度上将决定巴西队在本届世界杯上最终能走得多远。根据世界杯分组，桑巴军团无疑是小组最强，面对塞尔维亚、瑞士和哥斯达黎加，球队应该不会出现太多问题，六星巴西将是球队本次出征的唯一目标。

　　按照综合实力，亚洲足坛参加俄罗斯世界杯的五支球队实力，目前排在各大洲的末尾。要问哪支球队在其中能够脱颖而出，凭借世界杯亚洲区预选赛中的统治级表现，卡洛斯-奎罗斯麾下的伊朗队无疑是亚洲足球扛把子的热门球队之一。
但根据世界杯小组抽签结果来看，与西班牙、葡萄牙、摩洛哥共处B组的伊朗队，突围难度相比其他四只亚洲球队恐怕只多不少。反观日本队的签位则要好上不少，无论是波兰、塞内加尔还是哥伦比亚，尽管日本队面临临时换帅的战前大忌，但仍有从其他三个对手身上拿分的实力。

　　要知道，上一届世界杯，亚洲四支球队未尝一胜，均在小组赛阶段就被淘汰出局。如果有一支队伍能在本届世界杯上突出重围，进入淘汰赛阶段，并走的更远，将坐实亚洲第一球队的地位。此前，亚洲足球在世界杯赛场上取得的最好成绩是四强，本届世界杯亚足联首次出现五支球队出战的盛况，合力之下，能否避免尴尬？

　　随着巴拿马意外挤掉世界杯常客美国，搭上进军俄罗斯世界杯的末班车，向来在世界杯小组赛成绩不错的墨西哥成为了北中美及加勒比赛区的“一枝独秀”。俄罗斯世界杯是墨西哥第16次杀入决赛圈，这一战绩仅排在巴西、德国、意大利和阿根廷之后。其最好成绩是在1970年和1986年打进8强。
作为该地区毫无悬念的霸主，有着悠久足球传统的墨西哥队显然并不满足于世界杯配角的定位。自主教练胡安?奥索里奥2015年上任以来，墨西哥的世界排名从22升到15，且一直呈上升态势。帐下第一大将无疑是曾效力于曼联、皇马、勒沃库森的“鬼影前锋”埃尔南德斯，人称“小豌豆”。

　　墨西哥队本届世界杯被分在F组，对手是卫冕冠军德国队、“北欧海盗”瑞典队和“太极虎”韩国队。球队拼得小组第二出线希望不小。但在16强淘汰赛中将碰上E组头名，不出意外应是五星巴西。墨西哥队恐怕要连续7届世界杯成绩止步16强。

　　但值得注意的是，墨西哥属于传统的拉丁派风格，脚下技术细腻，强调对节奏的控制，并且墨西哥球员作风颇为硬朗，有在不利局面下上演奇迹的潜质。此外，与埃尔南德斯搭档锋线的是现年23岁的洛萨诺，本赛季他帮助埃因霍温队再次夺得荷甲冠军。本赛季他为球队登场34次，打入了19球并有8次助攻，进攻火力之猛可见一斑。洛萨诺也成为草帽军团锋线上不可或缺的一员。

　　想要在参加俄罗斯世界杯的五支非洲球队中选出一个扛把子，并不是一件容易的事。埃及队被分至有东道主俄罗斯的A组，但队内头号球星萨拉赫在欧冠决赛的意外受伤，给埃及队的世界杯前景蒙上了一层阴影。因此，塞内加尔以微弱优势“荣登”非洲王座。
塞内加尔队在非洲的成绩不错，是2002年马里非洲国家杯亚军。在世界杯方面，塞内加尔曾晋身到2002年世界杯，并且以1胜2平的战绩成功晋身八强，成为继喀麦隆于1990年第二支能晋身八强的非洲国家足球队。其中，小组赛首轮以1:0击败卫冕冠军法国，塞内加尔顿时使人眼前一亮。

　　效力于利物浦的边锋马内，是塞内加尔的进攻核心和最强大腿，他在边路的速度和冲击力是塞内加尔最有威胁的进攻手段。本赛季，马内在各项赛事上为目前效力的英超豪门利物浦队打入了19粒进球。在俄罗斯世界杯上，塞内加尔和哥伦比亚、日本、波兰同在一组，这个小组没有绝对的豪强，塞内加尔也有望时隔18年后再次晋级世界杯淘汰赛。
Addition to the client on June 5 (xinhua Wang Yu) from 2018 World Cup in Russia had less than 10, 32 teams from five continents are manoeuvring, wants to pitch in Russia.What are the five teams that will carry the flag of their continent and win the honor of their continent?If you know little about football, identifying the top teams can help you increase your football experience by 50% immediately.
European soccer has always been strong, and their overall strength is evident in the fact that they have not been absent from any World Cup finals for nearly half a century.Europe has sent 13 teams to the World Cup, the largest number on any continent, in addition to host Russia.Normally, Portugal, the latest European champions, will no doubt take the top spot on the continent.
But as things stand, Portugal, a relatively weak team, may have to stand aside in the face of a strong Germany.As the defending champion of the World Cup, Germany has always led the trend of world football with its profound knowledge, excellent and stable performance and advanced football concepts.Eight finals, four championships and 13 World Cup qualifying rounds are enough to tell the story.
In the 2017 confederations cup, Germany, with a second-tier squad, won the championship without a fight.Now in the World Cup, the Germanic chariot will also hit the curse of the "undefending champion" for half a century.Germany, along with Mexico, Sweden and South Korea, were drawn in the World Cup group draw, with a clear advantage over the other three teams, and it was not difficult to get to the top of the group.
Sadly, neither goetze, the winner of last year's World Cup final against Argentina, nor sany, who is in the heat of the season, have been named in Germany's latest list of 23.But the German team still has a "central axis" of boastan, hummel, hedilla, cross, ozil and muller from the back to the front.Top goalkeeper Manuel neuer's return to action will also help Germany go further.
South America, one of the few countries in the history of the World Cup to compete with European football, has only five teams to compete in the tournament, but it is also home to the likes of Brazil and Argentina.But fans in Brazil and Argentina will have to argue over who can now carry the flag of South American football after Chile's unexpected defeat prevented them from winning the World Cup.
There is no doubt that Brazil, with neymar, is a better bet than Argentina, which stumbled in Russia's World Cup qualifiers and came through.According to the latest issue of the odds, the five-star Brazil are more likely to be South American team at the World Cup in Russia record best team, but it is worth mentioning that messi, led by the gap between pampas eagle and Brazil are not obvious.
In the 2014 World Cup, the home - fighting Brazil was eliminated by Germany in the semifinals by a humiliating 7-1 margin.Now neymar is back with the team.Brazil suffered a brief downturn after last year's World Cup fiasco, but that has improved markedly since Mr. Tito took office in 2016.
18 games in World Cup qualifiers South America area, Brazil have won 12 games, a loss, only goal difference 30, finally four wheel for ahead of schedule, and 41 points from creating the history of the Brazil World Cup qualifiers, than Uruguay's second leading 10 points.
The squad, Brazil is good news, the team's star in maldives has returned from injury to his play largely decided to Brazil in the World Cup will eventually go too far.According to the World Cup group, selecao is without a doubt the strongest team, in the face of Serbia, Switzerland and costa rica, the team should not be too many problems, six star Brazil will be the team to the only target.
The five Asian teams that play in Russia's World Cup are now at the bottom of the continent in terms of overall strength.In which you would like to ask which team to be able to stand out, with the Asian World Cup qualifiers, in a dominant carlos queiroz of Iran is undoubtedly one of the top teams in Asian football carry traverse to the child.
But according to the World Cup group draw results, compared with Spain, Portugal and Morocco in group B, Iran is only more difficult to break through than the other four Asian teams.In contrast, Japan signed a is better, Poland, Senegal and Colombia, although Japan is facing temporary change big fear before the war, but there are from the other three points of a rival power.
You know, in the last World Cup, all four Asian teams were eliminated in the group stage without a single victory.If a team can stand out in this World Cup, enter the knockout stage and go further, it will be the first team in Asia.Previously, the best result of Asian football in the World Cup was the top four. This year, for the first time, there are five teams of Asian football in the World Cup.
Squeeze out the regular visitors to the United States, the World Cup as the panama accident foray into the World Cup in Russia last bus ride, always does well in the World Cup group stage of Mexico became the north American and Caribbean division "outshine others".The World Cup in Russia is Mexico's 16th round of the tournament, trailing only Brazil, Germany, Italy and Argentina.His best performances were in the top eight in 1970 and 1986.
As the unsuspecting regional hegemon, Mexico, with its long tradition of football, is clearly not content to play a supporting role in the World Cup.Independent coach Juan Martin?Since Mr. Osorio took office in 2015, Mexico's world ranking has risen from 22 to 15, and has continued to rise.Top of the list is no doubt "ghost striker" hernandez, who has played for Manchester united, real Madrid and bayer leverkusen.
Mexico are in group F against defending champions Germany, the vikings Sweden and South Korea's tai chi tigers.The team had a good chance of finishing second in the group.But the knockout round of the round of 16 will see the top of group E, not surprisingly five star Brazil.Mexico may have to finish in the last 16 of the World Cup for the seventh time in a row.
But it is worth noting that Mexico belongs to traditional seems style, at the foot of the technology is exquisite, emphasize the control of the rhythm, and Mexican player style is hale and hearty, have in adverse situation on the qualities of a miracle.In addition, hernandez is paired with lozano, 23, who has helped PSV win the Dutch league again this season.He has played 34 times for the team this season, scored 19 goals and had eight assists.Lozano also became an integral part of the hornets' attack.
It is not easy to pick one of the five African teams to play in Russia.Egypt have been drawn into group A with host Russia, but their World Cup prospects have been clouded by the accidental injury of top star abdeslam in the champions league final.As a result, Senegal has narrowly won the African throne.
Senegal did well in Africa, finishing second in the 2002 Mali African cup of nations.In the aspect of the World Cup, Senegal has reached to the 2002 World Cup, and with 1 wins, two draws the success in the last eight, can become the Cameroon in 1990 the second African national soccer team reached the last eight.Senegal caught the eye when it beat defending champion France 1-0 in the first round.
Liverpool winger amare manay is the heart and strongest thigh of Senegal's attack and his speed and impact on the sidelines is Senegal's most dangerous offense.This season, manet has scored 19 goals for the current premiership giants in various competitions.World Cup in Russia, in Senegal and Columbia, Japan, Poland, the group is no absolute strongmen, Senegal is expected to more than 18 years after reaching the knockout stages of the World Cup again.