1998 Croatia
It was Croatia's first World Cup since leaving Yugoslavia, a remarkable achievement.Suke scored a number of brilliant goals in this tournament, making Croatia a nation of fiddlers.Summer looks orderly, France is a dark horse of Croatia's performance made a surprise, they eliminated in Germany, in the last eight of the semi-final also lead host nation France, it's a pity that have not been able to hold out until the last.However, the first time to win the third place performance is also enough to be praised.
2002 Senegal
Korea-japan World Cup is a cup of less popular idea exposure, the opening of new Senegal will beating the defending champion France, the big black horse eventually kill all the way into the last eight was eliminated by the final third Turkey, but also has tied the World Cup the best record in the African team.
2014 costa rica
In the 21st century, the World Cup is playing more and more properly, and the number of black horses is greatly reduced.In 2104, costa rica's performance was impressive.In the same group as Italy, England and Uruguay, they were naturally seen as point boys, but the result was a stunning victory over Uruguay and Italy to finish first in the group.Costa rica finished in the last eight, and the Netherlands, the third-place team in the tournament, had to rely on a penalty shoot-out to send costa rica home.
The word "black horse" has too much meaning. It is the result of both luck and strength.Who will be the black horse at the World Cup in Russia, which starts next week?
1998年 克罗地亚

这是克罗地亚脱离南斯拉夫之后首次参加世界杯，就创造了辉煌的成绩。在这届杯赛上，苏克奉献多粒精彩进球，让克罗地亚成为了“用脚拉小提琴”的国度。法兰西之夏看起来秩序井然，是克罗地亚的黑马表现制造了一丝惊喜，他们在八强中淘汰了德国，半决赛中也一度领先东道主法国，可惜没能坚持到最后。不过首次参赛就拿到季军的表现也已经足够被人们歌颂。
2002年 塞内加尔

韩日世界杯是一届冷门迭曝的杯赛，揭幕战中新军塞内加尔就将卫冕冠军法国斩落马下，这支大黑马最终一路杀进八强才被最终的季军土耳其淘汰，但也已经追平了非洲球队的世界杯最佳战绩。
2014年 哥斯达黎加

进入21世纪后，世界杯比赛踢得越来越中规中矩，黑马数量大为减少。2104年，哥斯达黎加的表现则让人眼前一亮。与意大利、英格兰和乌拉圭同组的他们自然而然地被看作送分童子，结果却让人大跌眼镜地先后击败乌拉圭和意大利，以小组第一出线。哥斯达黎加最终杀到了8强，当届杯赛的季军荷兰队也仅仅是依靠点球大战才将哥斯达黎加送回家。
“黑马”一词有着太多的意义，他是运气与实力双重作用下的结果，总是能写下励志的传说。下周就将开战的俄罗斯世界杯，谁又会成为黑马呢？