2018年世界杯即将到来，又是四年一次的足球盛宴，对于所有球迷来说，不管你的国家是否有参加，世界杯总是有它值得期待的地方，球迷都在用自己的方式参与其中。让我们把时间回溯到2006年的德国，那一届世界杯70一代球星中大多数人正处在职业生涯中最好的状态，同时这也是他们最后一届世界杯。
2006年德国世界杯云集全世界最好的足球运动员，如罗纳尔多，贝克汉姆，齐达内，菲戈，卡洛斯，巴拉克，舍甫琴科，因扎吉，内德维德，托蒂，皮耶罗，卡恩，范德萨，巴特兹，欧文，克雷斯波，内斯塔，图拉姆，维埃拉，范尼，劳尔等足坛传奇人物。除此之外这届世界杯还涌现出众多未来足坛新星，如今统治足坛十年的梅西与C罗，当年都还是首次参加世界杯的小将。
“最佳进球”
06年世界杯不仅有众多传奇球星，还诞生了令很多球迷回味无穷的进球。在德国与哥斯达黎加的揭幕战中，拉姆第6分钟拿球，当时体育场的所有人都以为他会传中去找克洛泽，但德国小将直接起脚重炮轰门，打进一粒技惊四座的远射，同时这也是拉姆在世界杯上的首粒进球。这粒惊天世界波点燃了整个德意志！
还有这一位意大利中场艺术家――皮尔洛，他在德国世界杯迎来自己的巅峰。意大利中场大师屡次成为比赛的关键先生，并连续当选全场最佳球员。在对阵加纳的小组赛中，皮尔洛同样用一脚石破天惊的远射收获世界杯处子球。
虽然这些进球吸引了大部分聚光灯，但“外星人”罗纳尔多仍然是万众瞩目的焦点之一。他在小组赛最后一轮对阵日本梅开二度，追平了传奇射手盖德-穆勒的世界杯个人进球纪录（后被14年世界杯，克洛泽打破）。
The 2018 World Cup is coming, it is once every four years football feast, for all the fans, regardless of whether your country have to always have it is worth looking forward to the World Cup, the fans are involved in their own way.Let's go back to Germany in 2006, when most of the 70 generation soccer stars of the World Cup were at their best in their careers and this was their last World Cup.
2006 World Cup in Germany gathered the world's best soccer player, like ronaldo, Beckham and zidane, figo, roberto carlos, ballack, andriy shevchenko and inzaghi, nedved, francesco totti and alessandro del piero, dominique strauss-kahn, Edwin van der SAR, barthez, Owen, hernan crespo, alessandro nesta, Lilian thuram, Patrick vieira, ruud van nistelrooy and raul such football legend.In addition, the World Cup has produced a number of future soccer stars. Messi and cristiano ronaldo, who now dominate the World Cup for a decade, were both first time World Cup players.
"Best goal"
The 2006 World Cup not only has a lot of legendary stars, but also has a lot of fans to remember.In Germany's opener with costa rica, lahm 6 minute ball, when the stadium to find everyone thought he would cross miroslav klose, but German teenager foot heavy shelling the door directly, astonishing scoring a grain of long shots, and it is also his first goal at the World Cup.This amazing world wave lit up the whole of Germany!
And the Italian midfielder, Andrea pirlo, who reached his peak at the World Cup in Germany.The Italian midfielder has repeatedly been the key player in the game and has been voted the best player of the match.In the group match against Ghana, pirlo also scored his World Cup debut with a stunning long-range shot.
While the goals have attracted much of the spotlight, the alien ronaldo remains one of the most watched.He scored twice against Japan in the final round of the group stage, matching the World Cup goalscoring record set by legendary striker gerd muller (later broken by klose in the 14-year World Cup).