在2006年，他是一个“小孩”，在2010年，他仍然“没有足够的经验”，在2014年，他荣获了金球奖，而他的夺冠梦想被一个永恒的对手葬送。

鉴于78年中马里奥・阿尔贝托・肯佩斯扮演的主要角色，尤其是86年的马拉多纳，梅西受到越来越多的人关注，他必须赢得世界杯。

这是梅西迄今为止的故事，由当时在场的人讲诉。

2006

赫拉德・萨洛里奥在梅西的发展中发挥了至关重要的作用。

萨洛里奥说：”他做了一个很幸运的决定，他踢了足球，在他的18岁世界杯处子秀中取得进球，这一点显而易见。在对阵塞黑的比赛中他打了16分钟，这也使他成为阿根廷历史上参加世界杯最年轻的球员。但是，世界杯更像一个残酷的学习过程，而不是童话故事。他能像现在这样给出所有的答案吗？不，因为阿根廷队拥有一切，在那个年龄，他所做的只是一点点贡献，他总想踢球，这在我看来很糟糕，他可以给球队15到20分钟，在这段时间内，他可以让对手失去平衡，他的确做的不错，问题是，在那个年龄，你必须坚持90分钟，我认为他做不到。在20多岁时，他的表现远远超出了那个水平，但是对于高水平的球员来说，他还欠缺一些东西，他必须在球队需要的时间内上场。我认为他不理解这一点。

梅西在对荷兰的比赛中首发出场。"我告诉他:'你创造了四次机会，但没有得分。 一个进球只值一分，而不是五分，不管你是四、五次带球到禁区还是把球打到球门线上，这些都没用。" 我们每天都要教他，我们正在教一个小伙子如何打高级足球。"萨洛里奥回忆起他对梅西的建议。

在更衣室里，他很少说话，他周围有很多年长的家伙来保护他。他知道如何在球场上留下印记，当他在与墨西哥的比赛第84分钟替补上场后，他的一个进球被忽略了，萨洛里奥坚持认为，若有 VAR 的帮助，梅西那个球进了。

尽管他的表现令人印象深刻，但在阿根廷对阵德国的四分之一决赛中，他被教练佩克曼留在了替补席上。”萨洛里奥在解释把梅西提出局的决定时说："还有25分钟，佩克曼说，德国扳平比分的唯一办法就是打出一个高球, 于是，他换下了里克尔梅，让坎比亚索阻止了他们的四号前锋，然后发生了一些让比赛失衡的事，阿邦丹谢里的受伤。还剩12分钟，他做出了决定，就是在10秒钟内做出的决定，让克鲁斯成为一名能够在两种情况下都能防守的前锋。比赛还剩10分钟，她们扳平了比分，按照目前的规则，我们可以在加时赛中进行第四次换人，如果我们让梅西上场，结果就会不一样了。“
萨洛里奥相信他们在那个夏天改变了梅西:"你必须明白的是，我们塑造并教育了他，让他到达现在的位置。 这是最有用的东西，因为当你踢足球的时候，阿根廷有个坏爸爸。 梅西带着他们教给他的那种轻松的感觉来到我身边，我们教会了他在阿根廷踢球的意义。他解释了坏爸爸的意思:"父亲非常残忍，我的对手是我的同事，不是敌人。在这里，足球就是生活。 如果你在生活中很慷慨，你在球场上是慷慨的，如果你是吝啬的，在球场上更是如此。 对我们来说，胜利是生活中重要的一部分。梅西必须明白这一点，我们教会他要有饥饿感。 我们知道你要死也要死在球场上。 只有当你感觉到它时，你才能理解它。巴塞罗那体育主管问我们对他做了什么，使他有了改变。 我们只是简单地让他明白，在阿根廷，你以一种不同的方式生活在足球中，在这里，如果你没有赢，他们会杀了你，在西班牙，你会相对轻松些。我们相信，接下来的世界杯将是你现在看到的梅西的腾飞。 我们的梅西才刚刚开始，这只是个开始。”

2010
在2010年的南非世界杯上，梅西赢得了他的五个金球奖中的第一个，他在巴塞罗那的表现确保了他的期望值很高。 在阿根廷挖掘出新的马拉多纳，这个只会使压力加剧，人们经常拿他和马拉多纳做比较。

费尔南多 ・ 西诺里尼是马拉多纳在1983―1994年间的健身教练，也是他在南非的教练。 就是在那里，马拉多纳与梅西紧密合作。西诺里尼说：“马拉多纳和他关系很好，就像教授和学生一样。他们互相钦佩，就好像他们在照镜子一样，马拉多纳看到了一个他确信会成为他继任者的人，而梅西是一个做了马拉多纳所做过的事情的人。一旦他进入了那个区域，他就拥有了惊人的专注力，除了一个令人惊叹的进球以外，没有其他让他更高兴的事。他没有 马拉多纳 那样热情洋溢，但看到他如此舒适地在汹涌的水中游泳是非常有趣的。在他两届世界杯之间的四年里，他取得了许多成就，但他在更衣室里依然很沉默。我认为在足球史上所有最优秀的球员中，他是最奇怪一个，因为他看起来确实与众不同。的确，人们通常不会表现出他们最稀有的情感，从外表看，他看起来像一个宁静的湖泊，或许里面有一座沸腾的火山。然而，那座火山却从没真正爆发过，在特维斯、伊瓜因、迪马利亚、贝隆的包围下，梅西打进了许多球，但他从未迷失自己。在南非，他确实没有任何进球，但我相信他有机会进球，我认为在6到8个之间，但是由于不同的原因，他们没有进球。”

阿根廷在包括尼日利亚，韩国和希腊在内的一个小组里轻松晋级，并与熟悉的对手 - 墨西哥，德国 - 进行了淘汰赛。不幸的是再次被德国淘汰。球队很大一部分人很年轻，而在世界杯上对阵德国这样拥有如此丰富经验的强队，这是一个非常大的障碍。马拉多纳年轻、有攻击意识的球队在世界杯之旅中被勒夫的德国队无情地打败了。 梅西的故事没有完成。

南非世界杯对于梅西来说是另一个阶梯上的阶梯，最终他成为了有史以来最优秀的球员之一，但他当时还很年轻，只有23岁。 他没有足够的经验，就像1982年世界杯上的马拉多纳那样。我们总是期待他的一些魔法，但是我们应该知道时机还未成熟。

2014
梅西已经被很多人认为是史上最好的球员，这就是他从南非到巴西之间的俱乐部水平上的进步，赢得世界杯将会转变那些持怀疑态度的人。

西诺里尼说：“"我们知道，对于梅西和球队的其他成员来说，他们的世界杯将是2014年的下一届世界杯，因为那时他们将会大四岁，拥有更多宝贵的经验"。

如果是梅西的世界杯，他将成为沉默的领袖。

阿根廷教练组成员朱利安卡米诺说：“他不喜欢在公共场合出现，他很害羞,他拍了很多照片，签了很多签名，我觉得这让他很尴尬。 但是在场上他是一个伟大的球员，他总是参与其中，他是世界上最好的球员，他可以用很多方式赢得比赛，就像我们在2014年看到的那样，他可以用任意球赢得比赛。”

在对阵波黑的比赛中，他单枪匹马地进行了一次精彩的单独比赛，最后一分钟他用一个奇迹般的进球打破了伊朗人的心，并在与尼日利亚那场艰苦的战斗中，打进两球。阿根廷看起来并不完全令人信服，但梅西做到了。 队长以身作则，把其他人拉到他的水平。卡米诺说：“"谁会不听世界上最好的球员呢?当然，阿根廷也必须如此，因为他们拥有世界上最好的球员。 他们必须给他一切，最好的球场，最好的准备，最好的衣服，这样世界上最好的球员和其他球员都很冷静，他们唯一需要考虑的就是比赛。"

在2006年，他因缺乏经验限制了他的比赛时间。在2010年，他每分钟都在比赛，但是在一支不平衡的球队中挣扎。在2014年，他在比赛中处于领袖地位，球队发挥了他的优势。“我们把他踢出了右路，因为当他进入内线时，他的整个进攻机会都打开了，他可以射门或者为前锋打助攻。亚历杭德罗又打了一两个前锋，这样对手就不会更多的防守梅西，他可以在右路更加自由地踢球。”卡米诺说。

然而，他在淘汰赛中看上去更加受到限制，阿根廷也是如此。1/8决赛，阿根廷加时赛1比0险胜瑞士，梅西第118分钟助攻迪马利亚绝杀 。1/4决赛，开赛仅仅8分钟伊瓜因打破僵局，阿根廷1比0战胜比利时晋级世界杯4强 。半决赛第2场比赛，阿根廷点球大战4比2淘汰荷兰。双方120分钟内互交白卷战平，罗梅罗在点球战中分别扑出弗拉尔和斯内德射出的点球。这并不美丽，但是阿根廷进入决赛，梅西处于不朽的边缘。卡米诺说:"我最强烈的记忆是当我们击败荷兰的时候，你可以看到梅西在那里大喊大叫，哭泣。这时你才意识到阿根廷球衣对这些球员的意义。 这个念头一直萦绕在我的脑海里，因为我们这么多人在更衣室里互相拥抱，大喊着他们要代表阿根廷打一场世界杯决赛，这是他们渴望已久的事情。"

然而，在决赛中，我们再次败给德国。
伊瓜因在比赛初期就犯下了一个臭名昭著的失误，但是梅西在下半场也全力以赴。 阿根廷球员聚集在一起。在家中观看的球迷拍摄了一张马斯切拉诺的图像，而不是梅西，召集部队。卡米诺说：“不，不，这张照片与他在集体面前的表现无关,我们正在进行决赛，我们休息了一下，他很专注，但这并不意味着他不是一个领导者，即使他没有参与那次谈话。马斯切拉诺和梅西，他们只是两个不同的领导人。马斯切拉诺可能会谈得更多，但是梅西的出现是一个非常好的领导者。”然而，从那天开始，梅西最著名的照片，也许是有史以来最著名的一张照片。 在马里奥 ・ 格策的胜利进球和德国球员夺冠时刻，梅西让自己看到了本来可能会发生的一切。 他站在那里，离我们不过几码的距离，茫然地凝视着世界杯，他的表情萦绕在他的脑海里。卡米诺回忆道：“"失败之后，他非常伤心,他已经证明自己本可以赢得世界杯。 这是阿根廷最好的比赛之一，我们有三次进球的机会，而德国只有一次。 它离我们只有很小的距离。不仅仅是梅西。 我们所有的球员和员工，都不由自主地偷偷瞥了一眼奖杯... ... 它就在那里，我们差一点就能赢得奖杯了"这张照片会不会定义梅西的世界杯遗产，甚至是他的整个职业生涯？ 这个故事在俄罗斯继续
In 2006, he was a "kid," in 2010, he still "didn't have enough experience," in 2014, he won a golden globe, and his dream of winning was buried by an eternal rival.
Messi must win the World Cup in view of the major role played by Mario alberto kempis in 78 years, especially maradona in 86.
This is messi's story so far, told by those present at the time.
2006
Khalid salorio played a vital role in messi's development.
"He made a very lucky decision," said salorio. "he played football and scored in his 18th World Cup debut.He played 16 minutes against Serbia and Montenegro, making him the youngest player in Argentina's World Cup history.But the World Cup is more like a cruel learning process than a fairy tale.Can he give all the answers as he does now?No, because Argentina had everything, at that age, what he has done is just a little bit of contribution, he always wants to play, this is very bad, in my view, he can give the team of 15 to 20 minutes, during this period, he can let the opponent to lose balance, he really did a good job, the problem is that at that age, you must insist on 90 minutes, I think he can't do.In his 20s, he was well above that level, but he lacked something for a high-level player who had to play in the time the team needed.I don't think he understands that.
Messi started against Holland.I told him, 'you created four chances, but you didn't score.A goal is worth one point, not five. It doesn't matter if you take the ball to the penalty area four or five times or hit it on the goal line.We teach him every day and we are teaching a young man how to play high class football.Salorio recalled his advice to messi.
In the locker room, he spoke very little, and there were long guys around him to protect him.He knows how to leave a mark on the court, when he against Mexico in the 84th minute substitute, after one of his goals were ignored, gonzalo Ferdinand insists that if with the help of a VAR, messi the ball into the.
Despite his impressive performance, he was left on the bench by coach Peter perkman in Argentina's quarter-finals against Germany.Gonzalo Leo messi put forward on the explain the decision of the board, said: "there are 25 minutes, peck, said Germany equalised the only way is to hit a lob, so he replaced Juan Roman riquelme, let cambiasso prevented the striker 4, then some make imbalances happened, were injured in the state of Dan xie.With 12 minutes left, he made the decision in 10 seconds to make cruz a forward who could defend in both situations.With 10 minutes to go, they equalised, and under the current rules we could have a fourth substitution in overtime, and if we had messi on the pitch, it would have been different."

Salorio believes they changed messi that summer.This is the most useful thing because when you play football, Argentina has a bad father.Messi came to me with the ease that they taught him, and we taught him the meaning of playing in Argentina.He explained what bad dad meant :" my father is cruel. My opponent is my colleague, not my enemy.Here, football is life.If you are generous in your life, you are generous on the court, if you are stingy, especially on the court.To us, victory is an important part of life.Messi has to understand that. We've taught him to be hungry.We know you're going to die on the court.You can't understand it until you feel it.The sporting director of Barcelona asked us what we had done to him to make a difference.We simply let him know, in Argentina, you live in a different way in football, in here, if you don't win, they will kill you, in Spain, you will be relatively easier.We believe that the next World Cup will be messi's take-off you see now.Our messi just started, it's just the beginning.
2010
Messi won the first of his five golden globe awards at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, and his performance in Barcelona ensured high expectations.The discovery of a new maradona in Argentina will only add to the pressure, and he is often compared to maradona.
Fernando sinolini was maradona's fitness coach from 1983 to 1994 and his coach in South Africa.It was there that maradona worked closely with messi."Maradona has a good relationship with him, like a professor and a student," he said.They admire each other, as if they look in the mirror, he sees a sure that he will be his successor, and messi made a maradona had done.Once he was in the area, he had an amazing concentration, and there was nothing to make him happier than an amazing goal.He was not as enthusiastic as maradona, but it was interesting to see him swimming so comfortably in the rough water.He has achieved a lot in the four years between his two world cups, but he remains silent in the dressing room.I think he is the weirdest of all the best players in football history because he does look different.Indeed, people don't usually show their rarest emotions, and on the outside, he looks like a quiet lake, perhaps with a boiling volcano.The volcano, however, never really erupted. Surrounded by tevez, iguain, di maria and veron, messi scored many goals, but he never lost himself.He didn't score anything in South Africa, but I believe he had a chance to score, I think between six and eight, but for different reasons they didn't score.
Argentina easily advanced through a group that included Nigeria, South Korea and Greece, and eliminated familiar rivals Mexico and Germany.Unfortunately, it was eliminated by Germany again.A large part of the team is very young, and it is a very big obstacle against a strong team with so much experience like Germany in the World Cup.Maradona's young, attacking team was ruthlessly beaten by joachim loew's Germany during the World Cup.Messi's story is not complete.
The World Cup in South Africa was another step up the ladder for messi, who eventually became one of the best players of all time.He doesn't have enough experience, like maradona did at the 1982 World Cup.We always look forward to some of his magic, but we should know the time is not yet ripe.
2014
Lionel messi has been a lot of people think is the best player in the history, it was his from South Africa to Brazil on the club level between progress and win the World Cup will shift the sceptics.
West Gordon said, "" we know that for massey and other members of the team, their World Cup will be the next World Cup in 2014, because they will be four years old at that time, have more valuable experience".
If it were messi's World Cup, he would be the silent leader.
"He doesn't like to be in public, he's shy, he takes a lot of pictures, he signs a lot of autographs, I think it's embarrassing for him," said Argentine coach julien camino.But he is a great player on the pitch, he is always involved, he is the best player in the world, he can use many ways to win the game, as we saw in 2014, he won the game can use the free kick."
In against bosnia and herzegovina, he single-handedly made a wonderful game alone, he used a miraculous goal in the last minute broke the hearts of the men of Iran, and in the uphill battle with Nigeria, scoring two goals.Argentina did not look entirely convincing, but messi did.The captain led the others to his level."Who wouldn't listen to the best players in the world?Of course, Argentina must too, because they have the best players in the world.They have to give him everything, the best course, the best preparation, the best clothes, so that the best player in the world and the other players are very calm, they only need to consider is that game."
In 2006, his lack of experience limited his playing time.In 2010, he played every minute, but struggled with an unbalanced team.In 2014, he was the leader in the game and the team played to his advantage."We kicked him out on the right because when he got into the inside, his whole attacking opportunity opened up and he could shoot or assist the forward.Alejandro has played one or two more forwards so the opposition doesn't have to defend messi more and he can play more freely on the right."Said camino.
However, he looks more restricted in the knockout rounds, as does Argentina.Argentina narrowly beat Switzerland 1-0 in overtime in the quarter-finals, with messi helping di maria in the 118th minute.In the quarter-finals, gonzalo higuain broke the deadlock with just eight minutes to go and Argentina advanced to the quarter-finals of the World Cup by beating Belgium 1-0.Argentina beat Holland 4-2 on penalties in game 2 of the semi-final.The two sides were tied in a 120-minute draw, with romero saving the penalties from veral and sneijder.It wasn't beautiful, but Argentina entered the final and messi was on the verge of immortality."My strongest memory is that when we beat Holland, you could see messi yelling and crying," camino said.That's when you realize what Argentina's jersey means to these players.The idea has been lingering in my mind, because we have so many people hugging each other in the dressing room, Shouting they want to represent Argentina play a World Cup final, this is what they have been longing for."
However, in the final, we lost to Germany again.
Gonzalo higuain made a notorious mistake early in the game, but messi went all out in the second half.The Argentine players gathered together.Instead of messi, fans at home took a picture of mascherano and called in the troops.Camino said: "no, no, this picture has nothing to do with his performances in front of the class, we are working at the final, we take a rest for a moment, he is very focused, but that doesn't mean he is not a leader, even if he was not involved in the conversation.Mascherano and messi, they are just two different leaders.Mascherano may talk more, but messi is a very good leader.From that day on, however, messi's most famous photograph, perhaps the most famous photograph ever taken.Messi showed himself what could have happened when Mario goetze scored the winning goal and the German players won the tournament.He stood a few yards away, staring blankly at the World Cup, his face haunting his mind."After the defeat, he was very sad," camino recalled. "he proved that he could have won the World Cup.It was one of the best games in Argentina, we had three chances to score and Germany only had one.It's only a small distance away from us.It's not just messi.All our players and staff, involuntarily peeking at the trophy......There it is, and we almost won the trophy. "will this picture define messi's World Cup legacy, even his entire career?The story continues in Russia
