Russia's first football World Cup is just around the corner.Preparations are under way and there are many ideas to keep the World Cup in memory.
Moscow's sokolinikki park will install a 9-metre-high electric version of the vuvuzela, the izvestia newspaper reported on June 7.Fans can use the horn during matches.
The giant vuvuzela will be housed in the park's fountain square until the end of the World Cup, the report said.It is made of plastic and painted in the color of the Russian flag.Inside the speakers are electric speakers and microphones.
Park art director Andre kobol soff said: "unlike traditional vuvuzela, the tone of the electric horn is higher, but the sound more soft - volume does not exceed 120 decibels (the same as the volume of the car horn)."
"Another important feature of the vuvuzela is going to be popular with a lot of fans," kobosov said.Electric loudspeakers will be relayed during the Russian team's match.Football fans or park visitors can support our players by honking their horns when they score goals.
On the eve of the World Cup, yekaterinburg introduced an unusual smart device charging facility, a bicycle power station.The pedal-powered plant was developed by university students in the ural region with the support of experts from skolkovo innovation center.The project was named the best in the all-russia competition called the World Cup volunteer program heritage.
On the surface, the patented technology is commonplace: spinning.People can boost their physical activity by pedaling their bikes.But with the help of simple instruments, the exercise of muscles generates electricity.
"These actuators work on the basis of a generator that converts mechanical energy into electricity," explains jana metasheeva, one of the project's authors.To charge the phone, you need to plug in a wire and start rotating the pedals.Generally speaking, it can be charged in half an hour.However, the charging power is directly dependent on the strength of the bike.
The pedal power station was tested at a volunteer center at the ural federal university.College students immediately assess the new thing.Alexandra sudakova, a junior, comes to exercise almost every day after class: "kill two birds with one stone: you burn more calories and charge your phone."Tests by college students have shown that three exercise machines can charge 16 mobile phones within an hour.
During the World Cup, the bike stations will serve fans: they will be installed in the volunteer center, the yekaterinburg central stadium and the cup fan zone.
Again, according to AFP for expressing support for Germany, the 69 - year - old farmer in Bangladesh eminem Judd hussein sewing up to 5.5 km German flag, the flag in the 5th public appearance.Amjad began sewing the "longest ever" German flag in 2006 and lengthened it when the World Cup began.He even sold his land to buy the cloth he needed.