The heat never lasts forever.The paper is too short to last four years.
We missed the gaokao, the money wars, the launch of xiaomi, and the 2018 World Cup.Rut will feature a series of special stories about football and cars during the next World Cup.
Today, let us open the magic box of memory, looking for a clear but vague dribble.
Zhang Pin first:
Four years ago today, I lost an identity. I'm not a man anymore.But at the same time I had an extra identity, and I became the man's husband.The most difficult thing for me to deal with is the transformation between different identities, friends, colleagues, husbands and classmatesTo be able to shift and balance between the various roles, it's like the 30-way electric adjustments that come with the Lincoln continental front seat.
Four years later, I had another identity.I became somebody's father.I don't think I can do that if I have a split.If you can't do it well, I'm not a perfectionist.I only watched the final of the World Cup four years ago because of work, and the World Cup four years later needed to pay attention to the whole process because of work.This adds another identity - fake fans.I'm on my knees
Li Rixin:
Remember four years ago in 2014, David stern resigned as 39 years NBA commissioner, by Adam took Sheldon silver, the world's largest currency trading platform Mt. Bigger close the deal, the horse boat MH370 unfortunately lost, really happened many bad things.
And I had just finished experience "decision" the fate of the university entrance exam, a person standing at the edge of the fence, to see that a school life for three years, instantly from bubbling to empty, thought no more reading and examination, this is bracing for legend, bright college years.At this moment, I waited 12 years, fought for 12 years.
But happy?In fact, it is not as exciting as imagined, but there is a kind of dead calm and loss."Oh, it's over", in order to fill the heart of regret, I traveled every corner of the school, to say goodbye to each plant flowers and plants, before trying to recall, remember every bit of memories and details.
At that moment, I really wanted to press the stop time switch, holding the current wind, cloud, sunset and air tightly in my hands, so as not to let time slip away.It's a pity that the wasted effort, the classmate's smile face gradually disappear, some people and scenery never see not arrived, the past is past, smile the parents are standing at the school gate waiting for me, ready to go to eat beef hot pot, celebrating the end of the college entrance examination.Life's only events of June 7 and 8, 2014, ended there.
The Brazilian World Cup, not a football fan I did not realize the festive atmosphere, just remember that all kinds of upset, Germany and Brazil played 7:1, finals, Germany and Argentina play until the last possible moment, policy's wonder goal, Lionel messi missed free kick, is ultimately Germany lifted the trophy.In fact, my father is an old fan, but I don't know which team he supports and which star he plays. I am ashamed to say that I was not interested in my parents' life at all.
Four years later, the 21st World Cup will be held in Russia.There was no imagined happy university, and in a twinkling it was over.I also started to accept, the person's life, nothing can not let go of people and objects, both to meet the new things, also want to say goodbye to the old things, anyway don't worry about new things, dare to take the first step, and then at the time of farewell, must be exerted all his strength.
After all, it's a life span, not many four years.
Where were you at the World Cup four years ago?What are you doing?Which car do you like?Who are you looking for in this year's World Cup?Come and tell the rut king.
We only focus on the production of original automobile content. To become more knowledgeable about cars, we can subscribe to our WeChat public number: ID: cartracks.Hundreds of thousands of fans have gathered, waiting for you!
寒来暑往，说不完五更天明；纸短情长，写不尽四载春秋。

我们错过了高考、错过了烧钱大战、错过了小米上市、不能再错过2018世界杯了。《车辙》将在接下来的世界杯期间，推出一系列特别报道，讲述足球与汽车的故事。

今天，就让我们打开记忆的魔盒，寻找出清晰但也模糊的点点滴滴。

张品先：

四年前的今天，我失去了一个身份，我不再是某个人的男票了。但我同时又多了一个身份，我成了那个人的老公。我这个人最难应付的，就是不同身份之间的转变了，朋友、同事、丈夫、同学……要在各个角色之间转换和平衡，对我来说就和林肯大陆前座所具备的30向电动调节一样，永远也找不到最合适的位置。

四年后，我又多了一个身份。我居然成了某个人的老爹。我觉得就算人格分裂了，我也做不好了。做不好就做不好吧，反正我也不是一个完美主义者。四年前的世界杯因为工作我只看了决赛，四年后的世界杯又因为工作需要全程关注。这就又多了一个身份――伪球迷。我算是要跪了……

李日新：

回想四年前的2014年，大卫・斯特恩卸去39年的NBA总裁职务，由亚当・萧华接任，全球最大的比特币交易平台Mt.Gox关闭交易，马航MH370不幸失联，其实当年发生过众多不美好的事情。

而我刚经历完“决定”人生命运的高考，一个人站在栏杆边，眼看这一座生活了3年的学校，瞬间从人声鼎沸到空空如也，心想再也不用读书和考试了，这下准备迎来传说中、美好的大学时光。这一刻，我等了12年，奋斗了12年。

但是高兴吗？其实也没有想象中那么兴奋，反倒还有一种死寂一般的平静和失落。“噢，这就结束了”，为了填补内心的缺憾，我走遍学校的每一处角落，跟每一株花草道别，努力回想起、记住之前的每一点回忆和细节。

那一刻的我真想按下停止时间的开关，把当下的风、云、夕阳和空气紧紧抓在手中，不让时间溜走。可惜事倍功半，同学的音容面貌逐渐消失，一些人和景色再也见不到了，过去就是过去了，笑逐颜开的父母正站在学校大门口等我，准备一起去吃一顿牛肉火锅，庆祝高考的结束。人生唯一的2014年6月7号和8号就这样画上了句点。

当年的巴西世界杯，不是足球迷的我并没有体会到节日的气氛，只记得当年曝出各种冷门，德国和巴西踢了7：1，决赛中，德国和阿根廷踢到最后一刻，格策的神奇进球、梅西错失任意球，最终是德国队举起大力神杯。其实我爸是一位老球迷，我却不知道他支持哪一支球队、哪一位球星，说来也惭愧，当时的我对父母的生活一点也不感兴趣。

四年过后，第21届世界杯即将在俄罗斯举办。没有想象中快活的大学，转眼之间便结束了。我也开始接受，这人的一生，没有什么放不下的人和物，既要迎接新事物，也要和旧事物告别，总之不要担心新鲜事物，要敢于迈出第一步，然后在告别的时候，一定要用尽全身力气。

毕竟后会无期，人生可没有多少个四年。

四年之前世界杯的时候你在何处？在做什么？喜欢哪款车？今年的世界杯你看好谁？快来告诉车辙君吧。

我们只专注原创汽车内容的生产，想要变得更懂车，可以订阅我们的微信公众号：车辙（ID：cartracks）。目前已经集聚了数十万的粉丝，等你！