2018年俄罗斯世界杯将在6月14日正式开幕，全世界各地球迷都在等着这四年一度的足球狂欢。英格兰中场阿里曾表示，“我们去俄罗斯世界杯就是冲着冠军去的，我们不想作为一个参与者。”
显然，阿根廷也不想成为一个旁观者。在上一届巴西世界杯，阿根廷过五关斩六将顺利挺进决赛。不过遗憾的是，德国队在决赛中凭借出色的表现一球小胜，捧走了大力神杯，梅西也因此错过了登顶世界杯“球王”的好机会。再次谈及即将进行的世界杯，梅西感叹许多，“我很小的时候就离开阿根廷，加入到了巴塞罗那俱乐部，我希望我未来能够重新回到家乡生活，我愿意用我最好的表现去为祖国效力。”

今年俄罗斯世界杯，梅西的家乡罗萨里奥为了鼓励国家队重整旗鼓，帮助梅西振奋精神，直接将整个城市的背景墙重新分刷了一遍，这座城市已经成为了蓝白的海洋。可以想象，阿根廷球迷对世界杯的准备已经做到了面面俱到。
同样，身为世界杯举办方的俄罗斯也做足了准备。本届世界杯在俄罗斯境内11座城市中的12座球场内相继举行，为了最大限度改善竞技体育以及媒体感官，新闻发布会上的背景板不再使用传统、枯燥的背景墙，改成了以高科技电子屏幕为主的背景板。而最大的球馆莫斯科卢日尼基新闻发布会上的电子大屏幕则由青岛企业海信一手负责，最终所营造的效果让俄罗斯足委会很满意，中国企业也因此在国际上树立起了良好的形象。
在6月16日，阿根廷将在莫斯科卢日尼基球馆迎来本届世界杯的第一场比赛，他们的对手是冰岛队。必须要承认，冰岛队是一支充满神奇力量的球队，这是他们第一次打进世界杯。在2016年欧洲杯的比赛中，冰岛队顺利打进1/4决赛，取得的成绩有目共睹。接下来，阿根廷和冰岛又会碰撞出多少激烈的火花？让我们拭目以待。
Fans around the world are waiting for the quadrennial football carnival, which kicks off in Russia on June 14."We went to Russia for the World Cup and we didn't want to be a player.
Argentina clearly does not want to be an outsider.In the last World Cup in Brazil, Argentina passed all the hurdles to reach the final.However, it is a pity that Germany won the World Cup in the final with a fine performance, and messi missed a good chance to reach the top of the World Cup.Again about the upcoming World Cup, messi exclamation, "when I was little left Argentina, joined Barcelona club, I hope my future will be able to return to home life, I would like to use my best performance to serve the motherland."
Russia's World Cup this year, macy's hometown rosario to encourage international rally, help Lionel messi refreshing, directly to the background of the whole city wall to brush again, the city has become a sea of blue and white.As you can imagine, the Argentine fans have prepared themselves for the World Cup.
Russia, the host of the World Cup, is also well prepared.The World Cup in Russia 11 successively held in 12 cities in the stadium, in order to maximize the senses, and improve the competitive sports and the media at a news conference the background plate no longer use the setting wall of traditional, boring, to give priority to with high-tech electronic screen background plate.And the biggest center of Moscow's luzhniki news conference by enterprises in Qingdao hisense hand in electronic big screen, the final effect created by foot committee in Russia is very satisfied, Chinese companies also set up a good image in the world.
On June 16, Argentina will play the first game of the World Cup at the luzhniki stadium in Moscow against Iceland.It must be admitted that Iceland are a fantastic team and this is their first time to reach the World Cup.Iceland reached the quarter-finals of the European cup in 2016 and achieved remarkable results.How many more fireworks will follow between Argentina and Iceland?Let's wait and see
