The quadrennial World Cup is one of the top competitions in international football. In order to become the leading role in the World Cup, all the national teams are just like the eight immortals crossing the sea.Strong teams can get out of the game on their own, and a few of the weaker national teams are thinking outside the game.And that's the story I'm going to tell.
Time was set back to 3 September 1989 at the maracana stadium in Brazil.World Cup qualifying match in South America area last round of Brazil and Chile looming, the game will directly decide an entry quota of 1990 World Cup in Italy, Brazil only draw progress, and they must win.
In the 49th minute, the stalemate was broken, the advantage of home and strength were better, and Brazil took the lead.Since then, Brazil has kept a firm grip on the game, and Chile has seen no sign of winning back.The Brazilian fans began to get excited in the stands, some radical fans constantly throw all sorts of sundry within admission, a female fans even dropped a YanHuaDan, and it happened to fall in the Chile goalkeeper rojas.What happened next shocked everyone. The smoke cleared away, rojas covered his face with his hand and fell to the ground in pain.Chile's medical staff rushed in, rojas was carried off by his team-mates, and then the team called off the game for safety reasons.The Chilean football association immediately called for the result to be cancelled and the neutral venue to be replayed.
But not long after, the event turned around 180 degrees.Rojas' wounds on his face were clearly cuts rather than burns, according to the FIFA investigation team.Eventually, under pressure, rojas himself uncovered his "great deception".Aware of their team as Brazil, so before the game, rojas hid a knife in his left hand set, the purpose is to create chaos in the result of the match against his side, let the result is invalid.Rojas felt the opportunity when the flamethrower appeared beside him.He took out his knife and cut his face with his own hands as the smoke obscured his vision.
The whole world was shocked by rojas's scheme when the truth came out.But his cleverness didn't really help the team, and rojas was eventually banned for life by FIFA, forcing him to retire at the golden age of 32 and leave his beloved football field ahead of time.And Chile were not spared, not only on the spot was directly judged negative, but also was banned from the 1994 World Cup, it is said that "stealing the chicken is not against eating the rice".

四年一度的世界杯是国际足坛最顶级的赛事，为了能够成为其中的主角，各支国家队便如八仙过海一般，各显其能。实力强的球队自然单凭自身实力就可出线，而那些实力稍弱的国家队有不少在盘外招上动起了心思。我下面要说的，便是这样一个故事。
时间拨回到1989年9月3日，地点在巴西的马拉卡纳球场。世界杯预选赛南美区最后一轮巴西队与智利队的比赛即将开打，这场比赛将直接决定一个1990年意大利世界杯的参赛名额，巴西队只需打平即可晋级，而智利队则必须取胜。

第49分钟，比赛僵局被打破，坐拥主场之利再加上实力本就更胜一筹，巴西队顺利取得领先。此后巴西队便牢牢控制着场上局面，智利队看不到一丝能反败为胜的迹象。看台上的巴西球迷也开始兴奋起来，一些激进的球迷不断将各种杂物抛入场内，一名女球迷甚至扔下了一个烟花弹，而它正巧落在了智利队门将罗哈斯的身旁。接下来发生的一幕让所有人都震惊了，烟雾散去，罗哈斯以手掩面，痛苦的倒在地上，流出的鲜血已经将他的球衣染红。智利队队医立即冲入场内，随后罗哈斯被队友抬下，紧接着智利队以球场安全问题为由退场罢赛。智利足协随即要求取消赛果，另择中立场地重赛。

但在不久之后，事件却出现了一百八十度的大反转。根据国际足联调查组的调查，罗哈斯脸上的伤口明显是刀伤而非烧伤，球员本人在接受问询时也闪烁其词，言语自相矛盾。最终在重压之下，罗哈斯亲自揭开了他这个“惊天骗局”。由于深知自己球队实力不及巴西队，所以在赛前，罗哈斯在其左手套里藏了一把小刀，目的便是在比赛结果不利于本队时制造混乱，让赛果无效。当那个烟花弹出现在他身边时，罗哈斯感觉机会来了。他在大家视线被烟雾遮挡之际迅速掏出刀子亲手划伤了自己的脸！

真相大白，全世界一片哗然，大家都被罗哈斯的阴谋所震惊。但他的小聪明并没有真的帮到球队，罗哈斯最终被国际足联处以终身禁赛，他不得不在32岁黄金年龄便隐退，提前告别钟爱的绿茵场。而智利队也未能幸免，他们不但当场比赛被直接判负，更是被禁止参加1994世界杯，可谓是“偷鸡不成反蚀把米”。
