On May 31, 1996 is a dual historic day, first of all, the World Cup was first decide to take place in Asia, and second, the World Cup for the first time was arranged by the two countries, keen, World Cup finally came to the land area is the largest continent on earth, south Korean and Japanese guests with open arms to meet World Cup, the World Cup to be held in Asia for the first time for Chinese fans the most rare is no jet lag.
1
France and Argentina are both out of the group
The World Cup opener, zinedine zidane to injury, the defending champion France 1-0 defeat to an amazing World Cup newcomers Senegal team came out great surprise, diop scored the first tournament ball.Zinedine zidane returned from injury in the final game of the group stage, but France still lost 2-0 to Denmark, losing 1-2 in the group stage and failing to score a goal.The first stage in the history of France became the first defending champion failed to qualify and goalscoring, France with serie a's best striker David trezeguet, premier league best striker thierry Henry, the French striker djibril cisse, but missed a ball.
Argentina and Nigeria, assigned to a group of England and Sweden, the only opening Nigeria, England and lost the second game, let took revenge for the four years ago David Beckham, the last game in sendai, Japan, Sweden, Argentina's 1-1 draw at relentless elimination, after the game we see the buddy and hernan crespo left a sad tears.
2
China's first World Cup tour
For the first time in the history of China's World Cup finals, the nation rejoiced.Chinese fans hope for England is not high, with Brazil, costa rica, and his team in a group, so the Chinese media hope China can at least get a goal in the World Cup.Sun was injured and replaced by qu bo shortly after the start of the first match against costa rica. China lost 2-0 to start the World Cup.The 3rs-led selecao gave China a good lesson in their second group game against five star Brazil, winning by four goals.China defeated Turkey 3-0 in the group final and eliminated all three games.The World Cup for the first time, the Chinese team won three feelings, was negative in costa rica sorry, defeat by Brazil's helpless, to Turkey, among them the team's and twice hit the post, ZhaoJunZhe facing Brazil's post with Jody again to Turkey also hit the post, and the goal only zhichizhiyao.China failed to score nine goals in three games, but Germany's 8-0 win over Saudi Arabia kept China from finishing last in the World Cup 32.
3
South Korea's historic victory in the last four is controversial
In their home in South Korea in the group well, host performances on the pitch is terrible, South Korea is the biggest dark horse, the knockout stage fight they beat Italy and Spain, respectively, into the last four (the referee after the World Cup when South Korea bribery scandal).Korea-japan World Cup may be the worst of the World Cup, as Spain and Italy, the two European teams are by the referee to send home, but the referee Han Guojin walks into the semi-finals, they have been in the semi-finals of Germany in the final.
4
Ronaldo reached the top
The World Cup final between Brazil and Germany attracted a lot of fans' attention.Ronaldo scored two goals in the second half to end his 1998 final nightmare.Dominique strauss-kahn, the normally steady German goalkeeper, scored two goals in the final by "alien" ronaldo.Brazil became the first team in history to win the World Cup five times, with ronaldo winning the golden boot with eight goals, ending years of record as the World Cup's top scorer with only six goals.
figure
ronaldo
A month before the World Cup, ronaldo ao grams in Rome stadium is sad tears, because the inter league championship, and after a month in Tokyo at the national arena, ronaldo is left tears tears, he finally came out of the nightmare for the World Cup, four years ago this time a brace in the final helped Brazil won the World Cup, the World Cup, ronaldo deserves top scorer with eight goals.
trivia
Maradona is crying again, he can be invited to Cuba, but because the drug events refused entry by Japan, sad in public performance, and apply to the organizing committee sincerely, Japan agreed to him to watch the game against Sweden, Argentina can make the maradona remained in the home, he didn't go to Japan is also a good thing, because of the game, Argentina has been draw 1-1, said goodbye to the World Cup in advance.
1996年5月31日是一个具有双重历史意义的日子，首先，世界杯第一次被决定将在亚洲进行，其次，世界杯第一次被安排由两个国家举办，热盼之下，世界杯终于来到了地球上陆地面积最大的大洲，韩国和日本张开怀抱迎接世界杯的客人，第一次在亚洲举办的世界杯对于中国球迷而言最难得的是没有时差。

1

法国、阿根廷双双爆冷小组出局
本届世界杯揭幕战，齐达内因伤缺阵，卫冕冠军法国队惊人地以0比1负于世界杯新军塞内加尔队爆出大冷门，迪奥普打进本届杯赛首球。小组赛最后一场齐达内带伤复出，但法国队仍以0比2负于丹麦队，小组赛以1平2负，且一球未进的战绩惨遭淘汰。法国队成为历史上第一支第一阶段未能出线并且不进球的卫冕冠军，当时法国坐拥意甲最佳射手特雷泽盖、英超最佳射手亨利、法甲最佳射手西塞，却一个球没进。
阿根廷与尼日利亚、英格兰和瑞典分到了一组，首战轻取尼日利亚，第二场输给了英格兰，让大卫・贝克汉姆报了四年前的一箭之仇，最后一场在日本仙台，阿根廷1比1战平瑞典无情的被淘汰出局，在赛后我们看到了巴蒂和克雷斯波留下了伤心的泪水。

2

中国队的首次世界杯之旅
中国队历史上首次闯入世界杯决赛圈，举国欢腾。中国球迷对于国家队的希望并不高，由于和巴西队、哥斯达黎加队以及土耳其队同分在一组，所以中国媒体希望中国至少能在世界杯赛场上取得一粒进球。首战哥斯达黎加队，孙继海开场不久便受伤下场被曲波换下，中国队0比2完败，以失利开始世界杯征程。小组赛第二场与五星巴西队的比赛，3R领衔的“桑巴军团”给中国队好好地上了一课，他们以4球大胜。小组最后一战，中国队0比3完败土耳其队，三战皆败遭到淘汰。首次参加世界杯，中国队收获了三种感情，憾负哥斯达黎加的遗憾、惨败给巴西的无奈、完败给土耳其的不堪、其中国足还有两次・打中门柱，肇俊哲面对巴西时的门柱还有杨晨再对土耳其时也击中了立柱，与进球只有咫尺之遥。中国队三场比赛丢九球一球未进，好在德国8比0大胜沙特，让中国队在世界杯32强中不至于垫底。

3

韩国历史性杀进四强充满争议
在本土作战的韩国他们小组赛一路顺风顺水，东道主在场上表现非常惊人，韩国是淘汰赛阶段杀出的最大黑马，他们分别击败意大利队和西班牙队进入四强（世界杯结束后爆出韩国队贿赂裁判丑闻）。韩日世界杯可能是一届最糟糕的世界杯，因为西班牙队和意大利队这两支欧洲劲旅都是被裁判给送回家的，而裁判一直保送韩国进到了四强，在半决赛他们被德国队挡在了决赛的门外。

4

罗纳尔多登上巅峰
巴西队和德国队的世界杯决赛吸引了不少球迷的关注。罗纳尔多在下半场独中两元，彻底结束1998年决赛的噩梦。此前表现一向稳定的德国队门神卡恩，在决赛中被“外星人”罗纳尔多攻入2球。巴西队成为历史上首次五度获得世界杯冠军的队伍，罗纳尔多以8球荣膺金靴，终结了多年来世界杯最佳射手只进6球的历史。

人物

罗纳尔多
在世界杯一个月前，罗纳尔多在罗马的奥林区克球场留下的是伤心的泪水，因为国米与联赛冠军失之交臂，一个月后在东京的国立竞技场，罗纳尔多则留下的是喜极而泣的泪水，他终于走出了四年前世界杯决赛的噩梦，这次在决赛中梅开二度帮助巴西捧起了大力神杯，本届世界杯罗纳尔多打进八球是当之无愧的最佳射手。

花絮

马拉多纳又哭了，能被卡斯特罗邀请去古巴的他，却因为吸毒往事被日本拒绝入境，在公开表现难过，并向组委会诚恳申请后，日本方面同意他来现场观看阿根廷与瑞典的比赛，可使马拉多纳最终还是留在了家中，老马没去日本也是好事，因为那场比赛，阿根廷被对手1比1逼平，提前告别了世界杯。