电子商务巨头阿里巴巴的创始人马云，近日就企业经营和创新与创业的角色给出了自己的一些见解。
Jack Ma, the founder of e-commerce giant Alibaba, has offered some of his insights into running business and the role of innovation and entrepreneurship.

此外，这位商界巨头还跟人们分享了阿里巴巴是如何发展到今天的这个样子的。
The business magnate also shared with people how Alibaba has grown into what it is today.
马云是杭州人，他将他的成功归因于打小就灌输给他的勤勉精神和创新精神。
As a Hangzhou native, Jack Ma attributes his success to the hard-working ethos and innovative spirits that was instilled in him at a young age.
这名商业大亨强调了竞争思想和创新思想的角色，在他看来，机遇属于那些有着创新思想的人的。
The business tycoon stresses the role of competitive and innovative ideas while opportunities, in his opinion, are open to those who own those creative thoughts.
马云说道：“当你在创业的时候，每天都会有各种各样的麻烦事，这些事情需要你自己或者他人解决，因为必须要有人去做。那些能够解决这些麻烦事的人将会抓住他们的机遇。”
"There are all kinds of problems every day when you start a new business, and these problems need to be fixed, either by yourself, or by others, because someone has to do it. And those who are able to solve these problems will have seized their opportunity," Ma said.
马云鼓励创业者们在经营企业的时候有一个更为广阔的视野，考虑更大的图景。
Ma is encouraging entrepreneurs to have a broader vision and take a wider picture into account in running business.
他把一个创新的企业家描述为总是着眼于未来的人:

He describes an innovative entrepreneur as being someone who always sets their sights on the future:

马云指出：“创新意味着你从明天的观点来看今天。我们需要从世界的角度来看待今天的中国，从这个行业之外的角度来审视我们自己。当你这样想的时候，你就会以一种不同的方式做事。”
"Being innovative means you look at today from a viewpoint of tomorrow. We need to look at today's China from a viewpoint of the world, and look at ourselves from the viewpoint of those outside this industry. When you think this way, you will do things in a different way," Ma noted.
尽管取得了巨大成功，马云称其保持冷静，仍然坚持自己的梦想：
Despite the huge success, Ma says he remains cool headed and still stays true to his dreams:
“保持一个'简单'和'天真'的世界观很重要。如果一个人在100岁的时候仍然保持着'简单'和'天真'，我认为他会是一位非常高尚的老人。我希望我们都能坚持一个简单的心态，坚持我们的梦想，因为如果我们失去了梦想，我们所追求的一切将变得毫无意义，我们只会变成赚钱的机器。”
"It's important to retain a 'simple' and 'naive' outlook for the world. If a man still maintains his 'simplicity' and 'naivety' when he turns 100, I think he will be a very noble old man. I hope we can all hold on to a simple mindset and stick to our dreams, because if we lose our dreams, everything we strive for will become pointless and we will only become money-making machines. "