在向哈佛大学毕业生作毕业演讲时，马克·扎克伯格痛哭流涕，并告诉他们，这一代人就是要互帮互助、消除不平等。
Mark Zuckerberg teared up during his commencement speech to Harvard graduates, telling them it is up to their generation to care about others and to fight inequality.

近日，这位亿万富翁的CEO回到哈佛领取了一份荣誉学位--而今据他从哈佛辍学创办Facebook已经过去了13年。
The billionaire CEO returned to Harvard to receive an honorary degree - 13 years after he famously dropped out of the Ivy League school to focus on Facebook.
33岁的扎克伯格对毕业生们说道：“改变往往从细微处开始，即使全球性的变革也是从小事情开始--从我们这些人开始。”
'Change starts local. Even global changes start small - with people like us,' the 33-year-old told the crowd of graduates.
“每一代人都会扩大'自己人'的圈子。而到了我们这一代，全世界都是'自己人'。但是我们身处一个很不稳定的时代。”
'Every generation expands the circle of people we consider 'one of us.' And in our generation, that now includes the whole world. ...But we live in an unstable time.'
“整个世界都有被全球化丢下的人。当我们自己的生活都不够好时，我们很难再去关心别人。”
'There are people left behind by globalization across the whole world. And it's tough to care about people in other places when we don't first feel good about our lives here at home.'
随后扎克伯格（现在他是哈佛史上最年轻的毕业演讲者）重温了自己的一些大学回忆。
Zuckerberg, now the youngest commencement speaker in Harvard's history, started off reliving some of his college memories.
他对毕业生们说，他曾经因为创办了Facemash（Facebook的前身网站，允许学生们评比学校女生照片）而被哈佛学校董事会约谈。
扎克伯格终于从哈佛毕业了 励志演讲不忘秀恩爱

He told the graduates that he was scheduled to speak to the school board after building the website Facemash, an early precursor of Facebook that allowed students to compare the attractiveness of their fellow classmates.

他的父母来到学校帮他打包行李，而他的朋友们则为他开了一个告别晚会，在聚会上排队上厕所的人群中，扎克伯格第一次邂逅了未来的妻子普莉希拉·陈。
His parents showed up to the school to help him pack up his belongings, and his friends threw him a goodbye party, where he met his future wife Priscilla Chan in line for the bathroom.
扎克伯格回忆道：“最浪漫的一件事是我对她说：'三天后我就要退学了，所以我们约会得抓紧点儿时间。'”
Zuckerberg recounted: 'In what must be one of the all time romantic lines, I said: "I'm going to get kicked out in three days, so we need to go on a date quickly."
他开玩笑说：“事实上，你们所有毕业生都可以用这个套路。学校并没有开除我--是我自己选择退学的。我还收获了一个女朋友。”
He joked: 'Actually, any of you graduating can use that line. I didn't end up getting kicked out -- I did that to myself. Priscilla and I started dating.'